event227-05 Chapter 4: Forgotten Music

Inside a well, Ran finds what she's been looking for at long last.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

Ran: Tsugumi, Himari! Guys, where are you?! I can save you now!
Ran: ... Guys...!
Tomoe: Ran, please stop fighting. As long as you're alive, that's all that matters to us.
Ran: That's my line. If we all can be together, then I can...
Moca: Sorry, Ran. You're too late.
Ran: What...?
Himari: We're tired of waiting. We've even forgotten what our music sounds like.
Tomoe: The kind of music we played. The way we sang our songs. We can't remember any of it anymore.
Ran: That can't be. I'll help you remember. You just need to listen to my sound...
Ran: My guitar... won't play any notes...
Tomoe: See? Even you've forgotten.
Ran: ... That's impossible... Darn it... Why won't it make any sound...?!
Moca: Your music can't reach us. It can't reach anyone.
Himari: Music that can't reach people might as well not even exist, right?
Tsugumi: If that's the case, then you should give up. There's no point in trying anymore. Our band is over too.
Ran: N-no... I can't! Wait! I'm going to play my guitar now, so wait!
Moca: So long, Ran.
Ran: Mocaaa~!
Sayo: I told you, didn't I? Perfectly played notes will always strike their targets.
Ran: Sayo... san...?!
Sayo: You cannot continue to play such a crude sound that thrashes like a knife. You must challenge your sound and refine it. Or you will fail to defeat powerful devils.
Ran: (My sound... Our music... I know I have it all... in the palm of my hand.)
Ran: (I haven't forgotten... any of it.)
Ran: As long as I remember our music, it won't ever die.
Ran: I'll carve it into my soul... again and again, no matter how much it hurts!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Toko: ...! Ran~! I'm so glad you came back!
Ran: Toko... Sayo-san...
Sayo: How does it feel to leave without permission and create a scene?
Ran: Wait! Save your lecture for later. Even you could feel it, couldn't you?
Sayo: Do you mean that the Music Devouring Devil... is in this school?
Ran: Yeah. The one you took down was weak... but I just know the Music Devouring Devil is close by. We need to split up and look for it right now...
Sayo: Unfortunately, this is as far as you two go.
Ran: Huh?
Sayo: I promised myself to remove anyone who disrupts the order in the organization and in the town that I manage. Be it devil or devil hunter, it makes no difference.
Sayo: Members who cannot be useful to me have no place in my organization.
Toko: What...? Are you saying we're fired?
Sayo: Yes. Civilians are not allowed to proceed from here.
Ran: Sigh... Even if you say that, I'm still going.
Sayo: Although you are helpless, you always try to do things on your own, don't you?
Ran: ...!
Sayo: A moment ago, you were struggling desperately. What will you do if you get drawn into a devil again?
Ran: ...
Sayo: ... If you follow my orders, then I will help you...
Sayo: Never lose your sound, no matter what situation you find yourself in.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: Eeek! I already got rid of so many devils, but now more are popping up~...!
Rui: I am sorry for taking so long. I have finished evacuating the students and faculty.
Rimi: You took forever~! After we finish here, you have to please treat me to the best meat there is!
Rui: I will confirm with Sayo-san if I can submit a receipt for that.
Rimi: That right, Sayo-san! Isn't she a little late? Maybe she hasn't found Ran-san and Toko-san yet...
Rui: Knowing those two, I am sure they are making things difficult for her. We should focus on the devils in front of us.
Rimi: Wow... The devils are falling back a little! Let's try to push forward now.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Everyone, out of the way!
Rimi: Ran-san! Sayo-san!
Toko: Don't ignore me! I'm here too~!
Rui: Ran's sound is becoming sharper. What could have happened to her in such a short time...?
Sayo: Ran, your sound is still not sharp enough. It is dull and will not reach the Music Devouring Devil.
Ran: You're getting on my nerves... I'm doing just what you told me to!
Sayo: You must listen more carefully to your sound and refine it.
Toko: Phew~, Sayo-san's giving one of her extreme lessons~. Next, she'll be telling Ran that she has to polish her sound even more while she's kicking those devils' butts.
Rui: I see. Special personal training with Sayo-san...How lucky.
Rimi: But those two look so angry... They might be scarier than the devils...
Sayo: You three have no time to be standing around doing nothing! Hurry and move forward!
Rui, Rimi & Toko: Yes, ma'am! Okay~.
(Black cut)
Ran: Ahhh~!
Sayo: Ran! Remember, the Perfect Strike. Stand correctly, play correctly.
Ran: Ugh~, jeez... There's no devil you can beat by just doing things by the book.
Sayo: Your sound... is your weapon, so know it well. Only by using it correctly can you begin to grow.
Sayo: It took me a great deal of searching and trial and error to find my sound too...
Ran: Sayo-san...? Just what have you been doing until now...?
Sayo: This is not the time to discuss such things.
Sayo: Inhale... Exhale...!
Ran: You took down this many devils with one shot...?
Sayo: Listen, we are deceived by the devils we see.
Sayo: Take a deep breath. Stand correctly.
Ran: Inhale... Exhale...
Sayo: The sound that you create is your sound. It is a sound that you are proud of. It is a sound that is yours and yours alone.
Sayo: If you believe that, then your sound... will become a blade that will never break.
Ran: ...!
(White cut)
