event126-04 Chapter 3: Internal Conflict?!

Day two of the joint rehearsals. Hina gives her honest opinion on what she felt during the trainees' performance.

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Well then, I'd like to go ahead and start our second joint rehearsal!
Trainees: Thank you for your help!
Hina: Ahaha, it's good to work with you all! Hey, Maya-chan, what did you guys do the first time?
Maya: We had them show us their singing and dancing. Then we gave them our opinions.
Eve: I see! You had them display their expertise!
Maya: S-something like that.
Hina: Got it, got it. But we're gonna be doing something different today, right? I mean, our main thing is playing instruments.
Maya: Right, I think that's a good idea too. Looking back on their performance the other day, did either of you have anything to say?
Hina: Hmm... I thought the trainees' performance was pretty good, but...
Hina: They seemed to be desperate when they were dancing, and they kinda had forced smiles when they were emceeing.
Hina: The fact that they weren't able to hide all that was pretty awkward. You could even say watching them gave me a chill.
Hina: I haven't seen that sorta show very much, so I thought it was pretty interesting. What did you think, Eve-chan?
Eve: I was the opposite of Hina-san, as I was concerned by that impression.
Eve: I could feel all of them panicking, and it was somewhat painful to watch.
Hina: Yeah, they didn't feel very boppin', huh? The audience might've sensed that.
Hina: Are you guys not very close?
Maya: H-Hina-san?! That's not the case at all! Even during the previous rehearsal, I could tell they're close.
Trainee A: Yeah... We know we need to put out that friendly vibe on stage like all of you, but... It's pretty hard.
Hina: Really? I don't think you need to worry about it all that much. I mean, it's normal for there to be groups that aren't very close.
Maya: ... Anyway, by trying too hard to put out that image, it'll create a weird feeling instead.
Maya: The issue with the force smiles might be the same way.
Hina: Mhm. No one decided that idols need to be a certain way!
Hina: So I think it's fine if you don't get along.
Maya: Hina-san! I'm telling you, they are actually very close~!
Trainee A: B-but... Isn't a smile important? Without one, we won't sparkle...
Eve: Of course, a smile is very important. But I think the audience can tell if it is a fake smile.
Eve: Performances are serious bouts with the audience. You cannot deceive their eyes.
Trainee A: That's...
Maya: ... Do you remember what Aya-san said yesterday? She said that she wants everyone that comes to a performance to enjoy themselves...
Maya: I think you all had that same desire, but you can't achieve it with a forced smile.
Maya: If the audience can see that you are enjoying your stage performance from the heart, they are able to enjoy themselves too.
Trainee A: Okay...
Hina: Anyway, you don't need to think about it too hard.
Hina: Basically, you just need to make sure that everyone is boppin'♪
Eve: I agree! Let us think of a way for everyone to enjoy themselves together!
Maya: A way for everyone at the venue to enjoy themselves... Something that lets you relax and gets the audience pumped up...
Hina: ... Ah! What about that one thing? Y'know, Aya-chan's introduction!
Maya: Do you mean her "Fluffy pink" speech?
Hina: Yeah, I love that! She gets excited too, so I feel really boppin' just watching her♪
Eve: I do too! It makes all the people in the audience really smile!
Hina: I know, right? Something like that might be good! Give it a try, trainees!
Maya: I-I don't know... I think that sort of thing requires a certain knack...
Hina: Really? Now that I think about it, don't you have an introduction too, Maya-chan? What was it? I haven't heard it in a while, so I forgot what it was.
Maya: Are you referring to this one? "Read it forwards or backwards, it's the same in Japanese! Ya-ma-to Ma-ya!"
Hina: Yeah, that! That's a great example! Give us a boppin' demonstration♪
Maya: What!? You want me to do that introduction!? I don't know...
Hina: It's for the trainees~.
Maya: ... For the trainees...!
Maya: O-okay...! I'll do it! No, please let me give it a shot!
Hina: Whoa! Maya-chan, you're on fire! Okay, let's go full force on this! Three, two, one... Go!
Chisato: Sorry to be so late...
Maya: I-I'm Maya Yamato from Pastel＊Palettes! Read it forwards or backwards, it's the same in Japanese! Ya-ma-to Ma-ya♪
Trainees: ...
Chisato: ... Maya-chan?
Maya: Ah, h-hello there...
(Black cut)
Chisato: ... I see. You were doing an introduction like Aya-chan's...
Maya: Yeah. I swear I wasn't goofing around...
Hina: Oh man, that was the greatest, Maya-chan! You should do that at the next show!
Eve: Yes! Your gallant figure was truly splendid!
Chisato: Come on now... This is supposed to be a joint rehearsal, so you have to teach the trainees properly for them to learn.
Maya: Ohhh, I'm sorry...
Chisato: However... I think the idea of enjoying yourself for the audience's sake is quite reasonable.
Chisato: You were all fixated on appearing like idols, so while you had something you wanted to show, you had nothing you wanted to convey. And that produced a gap between you and the audience.
Chisato: In order to get the audience to enjoy themselves, it is necessary to have something to convey... In your case, I believe that would be a sense of enjoyment.
Trainee B: I-I see... Thank you so much!
Maya: ... Thanks for helping, Chisato-san. I did what I could for them to understand, but...
Maya: It's not going all that well.
Chisato: I don't think you have anything to worry about. The trainees should be able to tell you are doing your best.
Maya: Y-you think so? That's a relief... Huhehe.
Chisato: ... Right.
