event126-06 Chapter 5: I Love Idols

On the last day of their joint rehearsals, Aya and the others play a song in front of the trainees.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Chisato: Since this is our last joint rehearsal, today, we would like to show you all how we practice.
Chisato: If there's anything that you are curious about, please feel free to say something.
Trainees: Thank you for your help!
Eve: We have not had someone watch us practice since that time with the members of Afterglow! It really sharpens the senses!
Aya: Yeah! There's a feeling of tension, so it'll really motivate us!
Hina: Alright, where should we start? Since we've got the chance, want to show them that one thing?
Maya: Ooh, sounds good! We've got it finished to a good point, so I'm all for it!
Chisato: Well then, let's do that. Is everyone ready?
Maya: ... Okay, let's go!
(Black cut)
Hina: Mmm! This song is definitely boppin'♪ I can't wait to perform it at the show!
Maya: Yeah, me either! ... So, now that you've seen one of our songs, what did you all think?
Trainee A: Umm... Was the song just now your new song?
Trainee B: You only just got the music score recently... And yet you're already this far...!
Eve: Warriors must never be negligent with their training!
Chisato: Right. Although I'm not quite sure about warriors, as professionals, we have to do what is required of us.
Trainee A: Even though you had your regular work, not to mention the rehearsals with us, you've already gotten this far with the song...!
Aya: Ehehe. We managed to make time for all of us to get together, and we did our best with practice!
Hina: Mhm, you really did your best, Aya-chan. When practice would end and we were eating, you were half asleep!
Aya: Ohhh, you're supposed to keep that a secret~!
Maya: But the start of the hook still isn't perfect. I'd like to be a bit more careful as we sync up.
Maya: The world created by the song starts from this point on. We need to make sure to match up our sounds so it's easier for our listeners to jump in.
Aya: Right... I'll try to listen to everyone's parts better!
Maya: I'll try adding an accent to the preceding phrase so the timing is easier to understand!
Aya: Okay! Thanks, Maya-chan!
Trainee B: Um... Are you always this detailed...?
Chisato: Yes. Like Maya-chan said on the first day, we compare and adjust our impressions of the song and utilize that during the performance.
Trainee B: I see... By doing all of this...
Trainee A: You can see what it is you want to convey...!
Chisato: Fufu, I'm glad you understand. You could say this is the way Pastel＊Palettes does things.
Chisato: In order to make sure the audience enjoys their time with us, we earnestly try to face the music while we enjoy ourselves.
Trainee A: You enjoy yourselves...
Chisato: Yes. If you look at Maya-chan during a performance, you can really tell. She's always having such fun while she's performing.
Maya: Wh-who, me?!
Hina: When she's sitting at her drums, the look in her eyes totally changes!
Eve: When Maya-san is in the studio, she is even more dependable than normal!
Aya: Even during a show, she's super energetic! Whenever I look back at her on stage, I always get encouraged.
Maya: Th-thanks... I'm just doing what I love to do in a way I love to do it.
Maya: So maybe... that's why I naturally look like I'm having fun.
Trainee A: That makes sense... The sight of you drumming away was really wonderful. It's like you were sparkling... Ah.
Chisato: Exactly. I believe that is her charm as an idol.
Chisato: She doesn't forcibly change herself to match an image. That's why you can see her shining in her own way. She's being herself.
Maya: Ahaha... That's because nothing good comes from forcibly changing yourself.
Trainee A: So... We have to find our own enjoyment too...
Aya: ... Hey, girls. Do you like idols?
Trainee B: Y-yes. Of course!
Aya: I thought so! You dreamed of being idols and did your best to practice the whole time... And now your chance has finally come.
Aya: It's because you like them that you were able to get this far without giving up. Those feelings are connected to having fun, so you'll definitely be okay!
Aya: The moment when you stand on stage, illuminated by the spotlight... That's when your new dream will begin!
Trainee B: ...! Okay, we'll try our best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Hours Later]

Aya: ... Sorry, can I try syncing up with everyone on that part one more time? I want to adjust the place where I take a breath.
Chisato: Of course. This is our long-awaited new song, so we should work on it until we're satisfied.
Hina: Ahaha, you're all so energetic! How many hours has it been since the joint rehearsal ended?
Eve: Our show is drawing near, so this is the critical stage!
Maya: Right. Let's do everything that we can.
Chisato: The trainees' next performance is certain to be better than before. So as their seniors, we have to work just as hard... No, we need to work even harder...!
Aya: You're right. We have to aim even higher! We can't look bad in front of them!
Hina: I see what you mean~. But will the trainees really be okay? They still looked kinda anxious.
Chisato: True... I believe we told them everything that we wanted to, but...
Eve: So does that mean... the rest depends on how well the trainees do?
Maya: ... Um, about that... I actually have an idea.
Maya: Could I ask everyone to stop what they're doing and hear me out for a bit?
Chisato: I don't mind... Fufu. I see you still plan on doing your best too.
Maya: Yeah. Just a bit more, for those girls... I think there's something we can do from a different angle.
Hina: Hm? Do you have something interesting in mind?
Eve: That is wonderful! Please let me help too!
Aya: Yeah, I'll help out too. What should we do?
Maya: Huhehe, thanks. Well, I guess you could say...
Maya: We've got some extra work to do after the joint rehearsals!
