event126-02 Chapter 1: Let the Joint Rehearsals Begin!

Maya and the others meet to talk about their joint rehearsals with the trainees.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Sorry to keep you waiting. Here is your shortcake, seasonal tart, cheesecake, and...
Eve: I will help too! You are letting us have our band discussion here, so this is the least I can do!
Tsugumi: No, it's okay. You're a customer today, so have a seat, Eve-chan. Here is your matcha Mont Blanc.
Eve: Wow, it looks so good! Thank you!
Chisato: Sorry to barge in on you with so many people, Tsugumi-chan.
Maya: We'll try not to be an inconvenience.
Tsugumi: You're not an inconvenience! All of you are always so kind to me. Please take your time and relax.
Hina: Okay! Thanks, Tsugu-chan!
Chisato: ... Now then, shall we get started?
Aya: Yeah! We got an official okay from the agency, so we need to start thinking about the joint rehearsals!
Chisato: I heard from a staff member that the trainees will take part in our next show as well.
Hina: Huh, so that's how it is! That means it'll be their chance to make up for last time.
Maya: Yes... I believe so. Let's make these rehearsals count.
Eve: Our next show... That means we do not have much time.
Chisato: Right. And we have a new song as well... We won't be able to take our time.
Hina: We've got our regular idol work too, so this will probably be pretty tough.
Aya: But since we decided to do this, we need to do our best!
Maya: Yeah! Actually, about that. I've actually got something I want everyone to take a look at.
Chisato: What would that be? Is this... a list of the trainees?
Maya: I asked to borrow the video of the show the other day. I watched it and did my own analysis.
Eve: ... Amazing! Everything is written in such detail, from their individual profiles to the parts of each song!
Aya: You're right...! Did you do this on your own, Maya-chan?
Maya: Yeah. I'm used to doing this kind of work in Theater Club.
Hina: Ooh, Maya-chan, you're pretty Tsugurific!
Tsugumi's Voice: Yes! Did you call me!?
Maya: N-no! It's okay!
Chisato: In any case, this list is sure to be a great reference. Thank you, Maya-chan.
Maya: Glad to be of help~!
Chisato: Well then, let's look at this and decide what we want to do.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Chisato: ... As such, we hope to make this joint rehearsal a fruitful experience for both of our groups.
Chisato: Hina-chan and Eve-chan have some other work, so they will not be present for today's rehearsal. However, they will be able to attend the next one. So...
Chisato: We look forward to working with you until the end of the day.
Trainees: Thank you for your help!
Chisato: Now then... Aya-chan, if you would.
Aya: O-okay! Hello everyone! I'm Aya Maruyama from Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: I might not be a very dependable role model, but I'll do my absolute best right along with you!
Aya: Doing your best is sure to lead to a good show too... So I want to do my best to tell you how important doing your best is!
Aya: So, uh... yeah! Let's do our best together!
Chisato: ... Aya-chan? You mentioned "doing your best" quite a bit.
Aya: W-well, I mean, that's what I actually believe... Ohhh, Maya-chan! Go next!
Maya: O-okay...! I'm Maya Yamato, and I'm also with Pastel＊Palettes.
Maya: Uhhh... Ummm... Before we start rehearsal, I'd like to ask all of you something.
Chisato: ... Maya-chan?
Maya: What did you all think of your show?
Trainee A: Umm... To be honest, we were frustrated. We did our best, but...
Maya: ... I thought so. We had a similar experience, so we know how you feel.
Maya: Our first stage performance was canceled. Even though we practiced a lot, we weren't able to show it during the actual performance...
Aya: Yeah... There have been a lot of times we've gotten frustrated, but each time we pulled ourselves together, and that's why we're where we are today.
Chisato: Right. There's no shortcut to success. We too have learned from our mistakes and accumulated a great deal of experience.
Maya: So there's no need for you all to feel down. Let's all do our best together to make next time a success!
Maya: ... Seems like I'm also just saying "do your best"... Still...
Maya: At the end of the day, all you can do is do your best.
Trainees: ... Okay!
Maya: So let's work hard during our joint rehearsals!
