event126-07 Ending: Shining Figure

The girls are energized after seeing the trainees' sparkling performance.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Day of the Show]

[Main Hall - Offstage]

Aya: Wow...! There are so many people today too!
Chisato: True. The trainees still have stiff expressions though...
Hina: ... More importantly, where's Maya-chan? The show is about to start.
Eve: I saw her speaking with a staff member just a moment ago... Ah! There she is! Maya-san, over here!
Maya: S-sorry... The offstage area is so dark that I couldn't see you all...
Chisato: You just made it. It's almost time...
Maya: Right. Everything is ready.
Trainee A: U-um! We'll do our best to apply everything you taught us!
Trainee B: So please... watch over us!
Aya: Yeah, of course! We'll be waiting for you right here.
Hina: Oh, here we go♪
Trainee A: Okay, we'll see you aft-
Maya: Um! Can you wait for just a bit? There's going to be an opening act before yours today.
Trainees: ...?
Maya: Watch the screen at the back of the stage.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Hello to everyone here at the venue~! We are...
All: Pastel＊Palettes!
Chisato: Thank you all for coming today... Now then, has everyone taken a look at the guidebook you were given when you came in?
Eve: It is a book we made that covers everything you need to know about the trainees!
Hina: You'll find a whole bunch of stuff written about the trainees in it. It even has a song analysis column written by Maya-chan!
Eve: In other words, it is a book of hidden secrets!
Maya: ... As you all know, since our last show, the trainees have been doing their own performance as our opening act.
Maya: But there may be some people that haven't been able to fully enjoy their performance because they didn't know who the girls were...
Maya: So if you are one of those people, this guidebook is for you! Once you read this, you'll know everything from their profiles to the hot points of their tunes!
Maya: I personally recommend page twelve... Right here! This song's chord progression right before the big hook is so well done and-
Chisato: Maya-chan, if you talk about it too much, you may ruin the experience for the fans.
Maya: Ah! Sorry, I got carried away... Huhehe.
Chisato: In any case, they are such wonderful girls that we couldn't possibly express it all here in this book. So please watch over them during their performance.
Aya: We would be so happy if everyone in the audience enjoys themselves along with the girls!
Eve: We will also be partying with all our might just offstage!
Aya: ... With that said, that's all from Pastel＊Palettes!
Hina: See everyone later!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: ... This is the girl's third and final song...
Chisato: It seems like our extra efforts paid off.
Eve: Yes! The trainees and the fans have such great smiles!
Hina: Way to go, Maya-chan!
Maya: Wow, that's a relief... But this is not the end.
Aya: Huh? We did the guidebook and the video letter... Was there something else?
Maya: Yeah. You said it on the day of the last rehearsal. They'll stand in the spotlight on stage and their new dream will begin...
Maya: So I talked with the staff a little while ago... Look, here it comes.
Chisato: Ah... During their solo singing parts...
Eve: The light is shining on each member...!
Maya: I think today's show is sure to be their first step... Their beginning as idols.
Maya: So shouldn't they have stage effects worthy of that?
Maya: ... There I go trying to sound cool again.
Aya: Come on, that's not true... Look, Maya-chan. The girls are totally sparkling...!
Trainee's Voice: ... Thank you all so very much!
Chisato: We may have inadvertently trained some very formidable juniors.
Aya: Sniffle... Thank goodness, I'm so happy...
Hina: Come on, Aya-chan, we're just about to go on.
Eve: She cannot help it with all this fervor! Tears are the perspiration of the heart!
Trainee A: Um... Everyone! Huff, huff... We've finished! Thank you all... for everything you did for us!
Aya: Ohhh, you guys... That was so great... Really...
Chisato: Yes, you put on quite the lovely performance. Well done.
Eve: We cannot be outdone either!
Hina: Yeah, totally~! Now I'm fired up!
Maya: ... So, what did you think of your show?
Trainee B: It still kinda feels like we're dreaming, but... it was so much fun!
Maya: Great, I'm glad to hear that!
Staff: Pastel＊Palettes, you're on!
Chisato: Well then, from here on out, it's our turn.
Aya: Yeah. Everyone... Watch us sparkle from where you are!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Hello, everyone~! We are...
All: Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: To start off our show today, we'll be premiering our newest song!
Aya: So Maya-chan... Hit it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
