event126-03 Chapter 2: The Feelings Left Onstage

The trainees perform their song in the studio. Everything seems fine, but...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Chisato: Now then, seeing as we have Aya-chan with us today, I'd like to look back on your singing and dancing...
Chisato: Aya-chan, we're counting on you to be their trainer.
Aya: O-okay! I'll do my best!
Maya: Now then, trainees, just like the show, we'll play your three songs. Can you please perform while picturing us as the audience?
(Black cut)
Trainees: ... Th-thank you very much!
Aya: Amazing! Great work, everyone. You were wonderful~!
Aya: You were able to move through the dances and the songs were cute... I think I might become a fan...
Chisato: ... Aya-chan, while praising them is important, do you remember what the goal of these joint rehearsals was?
Aya: I-I know, but they really did do better compared to their last show... I wonder why.
Maya: I thought so too. Part of it may be that we were watching them from up close. Plus, they used the entire studio, so I felt some intensity as well.
Aya: This studio... Ah, maybe...!
Chisato: Hm? Aya-chan, what's wrong?
Aya: I was just thinking... maybe they don't have a clear idea of an actual performance yet. I mean, this studio and an actual stage are totally different, right?
Maya: I see what you mean... An actual stage is a lot bigger, and, more importantly, the audience is far away.
Chisato: I suppose that means... if they rehearse with just the studio in mind, their performance won't be conveyed all that well during actual shows.
Aya: Yeah, that's it! Also, it seemed like everyone was checking themselves in the mirror as they were dancing, so it kinda felt like their focus was really limited.
Aya: During an actual stage performance, I think about properly expressing my feelings to the entire audience. That's because I want everyone that came to enjoy themselves.
Aya: To do that, I think about where I'm looking and where my fingers point as I'm dancing. You need to have a sense of the feelings you want to convey, even during practic-
Staff: Excuse me.
Aya: ...?!
Staff: The score for your new song came in, so I'll leave it for you here.
Maya: Ooh, we've been waiting for that! Thank you~!
Aya: This is what I think it is, right? This is the new song we'll be doing at our next show! Yay, I've been looking forward to it~!
Chisato: Fufu, Aya-chan. I feel the same way, but right now, I want to hear your opinion as a trainer.
Aya: Ah, r-right! Umm, you have to think about the audience and... So... Huh?
Aya: Ohhh, what do I do...? I forgot everything I wanted to say~!
Maya: Y-you really need momentum for this sort of thing, huh...?
Trainee A: B-but... I totally got what you just said! Thank you so much!
Chisato: There you have it, Aya-chan.
Aya: Th-thank goodness~... I was a little worried I was off base.
Maya: Not at all! It was a wonderful speech that got your way of thinking across!
Chisato: It's true. Idols are nothing without their fans. I hope our entire band will keep that in mind as well.
Trainee B: Um... Can I ask a question?
Chisato: Of course, go ahead.
Trainee B: I do have feelings that I want to get across to the audience, but... I only have a vague idea of what I should convey to them.
Maya: Yes... I think that is a very understandable problem. After all, the songs we all perform on stage are created by professionals of the trade.
Maya: That's why when our band gets a new song, we talk it out with each other. We figure out what the lyrics mean and what the overall theme is.
Maya: As we do that over and over, I think we gradually start to see the feelings that we want to get across.
Maya: Even with the new song that we just got, we'll work together to solidify our image of the song to prepare for the show!
Trainee B: The image of the song...?
Maya: I-is that a bit difficult to understand...?
Trainee B: I'm sorry... I've been mindful of making a sparkling impression and how an idol should look, but...
Maya: Hmm... That's certainly one answer, but... In my opinion, the sparkling impression is the outcome.
Maya: What you feel on the inside turns into something that people can plainly see. For that to happen, I think it's important that we have a clear image of what it is we want to convey!
Trainee B: I see...
Chisato: Fufu. Well, this is just the way we do things. I'm sure you all will find your own methods.
Maya: Y-yeah, exactly! There isn't just one correct interpretation. It's important to find the answer that's right for you guys!
Maya: ... Er, sorry. I got a bit too passionate there... Ahaha...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Hours Later]

Aya: W-we managed to get through the first day... Good work, you two.
Chisato: Good work today, Aya-chan. I hope we can keep up this pace for the remaining rehearsals.
Maya: Right. Next time it'll be me, Hina-san, and Eve-san, correct?
Chisato: Yes. I have another appointment, so I'll be joining you partway through.
Aya: Ohhh, I'm sorry... I have to film a show that day...
Maya: No, no, it's fine! We'll work enough for the both of you!
Chisato: Fufu. If you have that much energy, then you should have no problem with our practice after this.
Maya: Ahaha, I'll do my best...
Hina: Hey everyone! Looks like you're working hard!
Eve: I am sorry I am late! I apologize for keeping you all waiting!
Aya: Welcome back, you two! We were taking a break anyway, so it's okay!
Chisato: Well then, now that we have everyone here... Shall we begin?
