event126-01 Opening: Trainee Day Feelings

Pastel＊Palettes will be performing with the Talent Agency's trainees. Hearing this, Aya reminsces about her days as a trainee.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Staff: Alright then, with that format in mind, we'll be counting on you for your next show. We will be leaving now.
Aya: Okay! Thank you for today!
Aya: ... You guys! What do you think of what they just told us?
Chisato: You mean the part about the agency's idol trainees doing the opening act for our show? We've never done this before, so I think it's quite interesting.
Hina: Speaking of trainees, isn't that what you used to be, Aya-chan?
Maya: Yeah. Trainees are members of the agency that haven't made their debut yet. Idols in the making... is what they're called sometimes.
Eve: Whenever I pass by them in the agency hallway, they always give me such a lively greeting!
Aya: That's because greeting your seniors is one of the absolute basics. I was taught a lot of other important idol stuff too.
Aya: I dreamed of the day when I could make my debut and worked hard during my daily rehearsals... I was so happy when I could first stand on the big stage.
Aya: So those trainees are probably really happy too... Ohhh, I feel like I'm gonna cry...
Hina: Ahaha! There it is, Aya-chan's burst of emotion!
Chisato: Aya-chan is the only one of us to have been a trainee. I'm sure she has a lot in common with them.
Hina: I see~. Aya-chan and I are two different people, so there are probably things only she knows.
Hina: So we're senior idols, huh? I'm looking forward to seeing what kind of juniors we have!
Eve: So am I! I would very much like to share bushido with them!
Maya: Ahaha... It doesn't quite feel like we're senior idols.
Chisato: Fufu. Well, this industry isn't so kind that it'll wait for us to feel that way.
Chisato: In any case, let's put on a good show like we always do so we can be good role models for the trainees.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Day of the Show]

[Main Hall - Offstage]

Aya: Wow... ! There are so many people!
Maya: Yes, this is the perfect chance to introduce the trainees.
Eve: I hope the fans enjoy it!
Chisato: Doesn't this seem just like our debut show?
Hina: Totally! During their introductions, the trainees were all stiff. It reminded me of Aya-chan from way back!
Aya: Th-they can't help it~! With as hard as they've worked up until today, I'm sure they're just as nervous...
Aya: Ohhh, now I'm kinda worried... Will they all be okay...?
Chisato: ... Aya-chan, the girls have already finished their preparations. The only thing we can do for them now is watch their performance.
Aya: Y-yeah, you're right. We have to make sure to watch them.
Eve: Ah, it's finally starting!
Maya: It looks like we can use that monitor to see the footage from the front. Let's go cheer them on from there.
Trainee's Voice: E-everyone, it's good to meet you! We hope you enjoy our performance today!
Hina: Ahaha, the audience is totally surprised.
Maya: The announcement for their act was right before they started, so it was basically a surprise.
Trainee's Voice: We'll only be on stage for a little bit, but we'll do our best...! Here is our first song!
Hina: ... Huh, these girls aren't a band. They're our juniors, so I thought they'd be playing instruments too.
Chisato: They sing and dance in formation, so it's quite the standard idol performance.
Eve: They have a few more members than we do too.
Aya: Trainees' stage performances are all in this style. Idols in a band are probably a little rare.
Maya: Well, that is one of the selling points of our shows.
Hina: Hm, I wonder if that's why the audience doesn't seem very boppin'.
Aya: Huh...?
Eve: Now that you mention it... The audience was standing before, but people keep sitting down one after another!
Chisato: ... It seems like the audience's interest is waning.
Aya: Th-that can't be...! All the trainees are doing their best, so I can't believe the audience isn't enjoying it...!
Chisato: I agree that they are putting in the effort, but all their hard work might be too assertive.
Maya: You're right... It's like they're trying to forcibly liven things up. They're leaving the audience behind.
Aya: It seems like the audience is a little confused too...
Eve: It is such a shame.
Aya: Yeah. I kinda wanna tell them, but how...?
Maya: That's a little difficult... During the hustle and bustle of an actual performance, there isn't really an opportunity for that...
Chisato: Then... what about joint rehearsals?
Hina: You mean, you want to practice with the trainees?
Chisato: Yes. Teaching someone else will lead to us learning as well. By doing it that way, don't you think we would be able to tell them a variety of things?
Eve: I see! In my kendo club, we have also done joint practices with other schools! They were great experiences where we could all strengthen each other!
Aya: I think that's a great idea too! ... Oh, but is this something that we can decide on our own...?
Chisato: Of course, we'll need to get permission from the agency. Why don't we consult with them once the show is over?
Hina: Yeah, things seem like they'll get interesting again!
Maya: Huhehe, seems like our schedules will be getting busy~.
Chisato: I suppose so. However, just because we'll be doing joint rehearsals doesn't mean we can do away with our own practice time.
Chisato: Things are sure to be tougher than they were before... Is everyone okay with that?
Eve: Of course!
Aya: Yeah! As their senior, I want to do what I can for them!
Chisato: Fufu, then it's settled.
Trainee's Voice: H-here is the last song of our performance!
Maya: Whoa. Before we think about that, we have our own show to do.
Hina: If we're gonna be role models, then we have to clinch it here too!
Aya: Yeah...! Let's go, guys!
