event126-05 Chapter 4: What Maya Saw

Chisato is worried about Maya. What's on her mind regarding Maya...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: Phew. That was pretty good just now, right?
Eve: Yes! I feel like we have finally grasped the new song as well!
Aya: Thank goodness~. We've been working on this as well as the joint rehearsals, so it's been pretty tough.
Maya: But we still have places that we should focus on. Let's make sure we get it perfect by the day of the show!
Chisato: Indeed. We only have one more joint rehearsal. Now that we've reached this point, all we need to do is see it through.
Hina: I agree, but for now, can we take a break? We've been playing non-stop since we started practice.
Chisato: You have a point. Well then, let's pick this up again in a little while.
Hina: Yay! Break time, break time!
Maya: Oh, I'm going to go buy something to drink. I'll just head to the convenience store outside, so I'll be right back.
Chisato: ... In that case, is it all right if I go with you? I've run out of water.
Hina: What's that, the convenience store? I wanna go too!
Chisato: Hina-chan, if too many of us go outside, we may get discovered by our fans.
Chisato: If you send me a message with what you want, I will buy it for you.
Hina: Really? Okay, let's go with that! Thanks!
Chisato: Of course. Now then, shall we, Maya-chan?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Maya: Brrr... It certainly gets cold when it gets to be this late.
Chisato: You're right. But we've been cooped up in the studio this whole time, so it's a nice change of pace.
Chisato: ... Maya-chan, I was wondering if I might ask you a couple questions. I've been trying to find some time for us to speak alone.
Maya: ...? Sure, what is it?
Chisato: About our joint rehearsals... Are you satisfied with how they are going?
Maya: Hmm... I still feel like I'm not quite good enough. I realized that teaching something to others is difficult.
Maya: I've been trying different things, but it's not going all that well.
Chisato: Fufu. The moment I entered the studio and heard your introduction, I was at a loss for what to do.
Chisato: I had never seen you like that.
Maya: Ahaha... Please forget you saw that.
Chisato: Tell me, Maya-chan. Why are you trying so hard?
Maya: ... Huh?
Chisato: During our joint rehearsals, there have been multiple times where I saw a side of you that was different from your normal self, so... I've been a bit worried.
Chisato: I thought... that you might be pushing yourself too hard again.
Maya: Huh...? N-no, no! That's not the case at all!
Chisato: ... Really?
Maya: Really! I might've been doing a lot, but I'm not pushing myself too hard! ... Have I been worrying you...?
Chisato: ... I see. If it was just a misunderstanding on my part, then it's fine.
Maya: I'm sorry... To think you thought that about me is so embarrassing...!
Chisato: But if that's the case, why are you trying so hard?
Maya: U-umm... I kind of felt like I couldn't neglect the trainees.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: When I first saw the trainees' performance, all I thought about was how they could improve it.
Maya: But after their performance ended and we switched places, I happened to catch a glimpse of them.
Maya: They were crying.
Maya: They went back to the dressing room right away, so it was really only for just an instant, but they were all tearing up out of frustration...
Maya: I felt like I understood just how serious they were, as well as what obstacles they had faced...
Maya: And that's when I remembered the moment we were told that we would be their senior idols.
Maya: When I joined Pastel＊Palettes, everyone helped me out… And thanks to that, I found my own way to be an idol.
Maya: I decided that I wouldn't put myself down anymore... So I figured there has to be something that I can do.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: So... That was the reason.
Maya: I wonder if I seemed like I was trying to sound cool or something. I'm not all that great when it comes to talking about myself...
Chisato: That's not true. I legitimately felt your feelings for those girls.
Maya: Huhehe... Thank you.
Chisato: So that is your current motivation.
Maya: I generally prefer to provide support to people that shine on stage from the shadows. It must be in my nature.
Chisato: ... True. I think that is a very good quality to have... But you are mistaken about one thing.
Chisato: Right now, you aren't in the shadows. You yourself are giving off a very charming light.
Maya: H-huh?! No way, someone like me couldn't possibly...
Chisato: Oh. Didn't you say you wouldn't put yourself down anymore?
Maya: Oops, that's right... Still, it feels awkward being praised for something I'm not aware of.
Chisato: Fufu. One does not always see their own radiance. Our leader is the same way, is she not?
Maya: ... You have a point. Thank you, Chisato-san. Thanks to you, I feel like I can do a bit better.
Chisato: You are quite welcome. Now then, we have taken quite a bit of time. Let's hurry to the convenience store.
Maya: Right. We're losing out on practice time!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
