event131-02 Chapter 1: Let the Planning Begin!

The girls begin planning for MAHO DO's reopening!

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[MAHO DO - Interior]

Kokoro: Now let's begin our strategy meeting!
Hagumi: We want to get lots of customers to come, right?!
Kokoro: Hmm... I wonder why they're not coming. It's such a fun store with lots of things I've never seen before!
Old Lady: Yes, yes, you've got an eye for this, don't you?
Old Lady: As you can see, I have a great store here, but no one comes by. Even when people do come in, they tend to leave in a hurry.
Kokoro: Hmm... That's very strange!
Kokoro: You've got so many exciting things, like that skeleton over there and that creepy ghost painting!
Misaki: No, no, I'm pretty sure those are the reasons they're not coming!
Hagumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Misaki: Well... this store is scary.
Kanon: I think a lot of people might be frightened of places like this... I'm not very good with them either...
Kaoru: Y-yes. It does have the type of ambiance that would make one hesitate.
Old Lady: S-scary...? I'd never thought of it like that before...!
Kokoro: Now that you mention it, this place is a little dark.
Hagumi: I don't think it's very scary... But I think it'd be way, way better if it were a cuter store!
Old Lady: I-I see. That was a big oversight on my part. Thanks.
Misaki: Also, I feel like the products themselves might be your problem. It's kind of like an explosion of creepiness...
Kanon: Y-yeah, like this spider pendant... It looks just like the real thing, so it gave me a fright.
Hagumi: Huh? There's something written on the price tag.
Misaki: "Spiders are lucky creatures. This pendant will bring you good luck"...?
Kaoru: What about that crow feather brooch...?
Hagumi: It says, "Crows are clever creatures. This brooch will give you wisdom in times of trouble"!
Kanon: Does this store sell... good luck charms...?
Misaki: Ah~, you do see stores like that every now and then.
Kokoro: Charms...? You mean like magic charms? Wow! So you sell magic stuff, right?!
Hagumi: Wah! So it's true then! This old lady can use magic!
Kanon: E-erm, I don't think magic and good luck charms are the same thing...
Misaki: It does make sense, though. That's why this place has this weird atmosphere. That also must be how those rumors got started...
Misaki: But I think stores like this usually sell more accessible products, like gemstone jewelry and such...
Misaki: This store feels more genuine, or rather, it's gone past that into grotesque territory...
Kanon: They do look a little hard to wear...
Old Lady: Huh...? But aren't spiders and crows more stylish than plain old gems? That's what I always thought...!
Kokoro: I love all of the things you have here! They're so unique!
Kokoro: Look, I've never seen a phone strap like this before!
Kaoru: That's... Erm, what exactly is that, Kokoro?
Kokoro: This is~... It says it's a frog strap!
Misaki & Kanon: A frog?!
Hagumi: How's that a frog? It doesn't really look like one.
Kaoru: It almost looks as if it were drawn by a small child. It is remarkably simple, and the more I look, the more I think it may not be a frog...
Kanon: The other animal-themed goods look just like the real thing. I wonder why this one is a little different...
Misaki: Maybe the craftsman was half-asleep when they made it...?
Old Lady: I made that one to look like the real thing too... It just might not be the type of frog you folks are familiar with.
Old Lady: Anyhow, I get it now. Both the store and the products are no good.
Old Lady: I can do something about the interior, but if I'm gonna make new goods, what kind should I make...?
Kokoro: You're going to...
Hagumi: Make them...
Kaoru: It cannot be. Did you craft all of these by your own hand?
Misaki: What?! These are all handmade...?! They're such high quality...!
Old Lady: It's not that big of a deal. But yes, I made them. Could you girls help me make some new products? I think they'd just turn out the same if I made them...
Kokoro: Wow! That sounds like so much fun!
Hagumi: Yeah! I'll help! I'll make lots of cute things!
Kaoru: Indeed, I cannot let those down who count on me. I shall adorn this store with my fleeting designs.
Misaki: W-wait, guys, we've never made things like this before...
Kanon: Ngh, can we really make items good enough to sell...?
