event131-01 Opening: A Real Witch's Store?!

Rumor has it a witch's store exists. What will Hello, Happy World! do upon hearing the rumors...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Misaki & Kanon: A witch's store?
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! Akari told me about it. There's a rumor going around her school.
Hagumi: It's a shop where some lady dressed in black sells spooky stuff!
Kaoru: Are you implying that this woman is a witch?
Hagumi: Yeah! Like one straight out of a picture book!
Kokoro: Do you think she's this kind of witch?
Misaki: What do you mean by that...? Is that a picture book?
Kokoro: Yeah, it's my picture book! It has witches in it!
Kanon: Umm, ah, there they are. There's also something written about them.
Misaki: Like what? "Witches wear gloves all year round"...?
Kaoru: "Witches eyes appear to be red."
Kanon: And it says here, "witches are not good with children, so they have large noses to sense them with."
Hagumi: Yeah! That's it, exactly! Akari said the old lady looked just like that!
Kokoro: That's amazing! She must be a real witch!
Misaki: No, I think it's probably just a coincidence. She's exaggerating.
Kanon: There were a lot of rumors like that back in elementary school... So maybe we shouldn't get too excited about it...
Misaki: That's right. And I bet that lady doesn't appreciate being gossiped about.
Kokoro: I know! Let's go and meet this witch right now!
Kokoro: We can ask her to show us some magic! That would be stupend-erific!
Hagumi: I wanna go too! I've always wanted to meet a real witch!
Kaoru: Fufu, the prospect of seeing magic with my very own eyes is quite a thrilling development. Truly fleeting...
Misaki: Are you guys even listening?!
Kanon: They're very intent on visiting that store...
Misaki: They really never listen...
Misaki: Well, whatever. I'm sure they'll realize she's not a witch if we go and see for ourselves...
Kanon: Yeah, that's true... Oh?
Kanon: Where's Kokoro-chan...? And Hagumi-chan and Kaoru-san...?
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai! Mii-kun! Let's go already~!
Kanon: Oh, they're already outside...
Misaki: I wish they'd use this vitality of theirs to listen to people when they're talking...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[MAHO DO - Interior]

Kanon: I-is this the store...? The sign says "MAHO DO."
Misaki: This place is a little spooky, no wonder there are rumors... Their products are a bit strange too...
Kaoru: I-I imagined it to be the store of a more amiable witch, but, yes, I suppose there are witches like this too...
Misaki: Are you okay, Kaoru-san? You look a little pale.
Kanon: This store does feel a bit scary...
Kaoru: I-I am not afraid, not in the slightest. It's just different from what I'd expected, so I'm a little bewildered, that's all. Hahaha...
Kokoro: Seems like no one's here. I wonder where the witch lady is.
Hagumi: Hello?! Anyone home?!
Old Lady: My, my, is that a customer...?
Misaki: Ah, hello. Sorry for the intrusion.
Kokoro & Hagumi: ...!
Hagumi: Look, Kokoron! This old lady's wearing gloves!
Kokoro: Her eyes also look kind of red! And her nose is huge!
Old Lady: What's with all the gawking...? Sigh, this is why I'm no good with children...
Hagumi: Did you guys hear that?! She hates kids!
Kokoro: That settles it! You're a real wit-
Misaki: Cut it out!
Hagumi: But this lady's gotta be a-
Misaki: I said, cut it out!
Kokoro & Hagumi: But why?
Misaki: Why...? Because it's rude. You can't just call people witches.
Kokoro: I don't really get it, but... okay. Don't call witches "witches," got it.
Hagumi: I didn't know the witch world had that kinda rule~.
Misaki: You two aren't getting this at all... Oh well, I guess this works too.
Old Lady: Oh my, you're quite the rowdy bunch, aren't you? I don't mind that you're energetic, but try not to make too much noise.
Old Lady: I don't get a lot of customers as it is. You might scare them off even more.
Kokoro: ...? You don't get many customers?
Old Lady: It's just as you see. I want my store to thrive, but for some reason, I just can't seem to get any customers...
Kokoro: Then you should do something to get lots of customers! I'm sure you could have a store full of smiling faces!
Misaki: There she goes again...
Misaki: Wait a minute... I have a bad feeling about this...
Kokoro: Hey, lady! We'll help you get your store full of smiles!
Misaki: Yep, there it is...
Kanon: U-um, Kokoro-chan, do you have an idea on how to attract more customers...?
Kokoro: We can think of one together!
Hagumi: Yeah! That's our specialty!
Kaoru: Y-yes, it is. I, of course, have no objections to lending a helping hand...
Old Lady: It'd be a dream come true if you could get customers to come... But can you kids really do something like that?
Kokoro: Yes, leave it to us! We're great at making people smile!
