event131-07 Ending: The Magic of Smiles

In order to make everyone smile, Hello, Happy World! starts a magical performance!

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Station Entrance]

Kokoro: We're here!
Misaki: Pant, pant... Hey, why'd you run ahead on your own...?!
Misaki: There's no point in doing that if you don't have Lika-chan with you...
Kokoro: You've got a point there! I didn't even think of that!
Kanon: I hope Luka-chan hasn't gotten on the train yet...
Hagumi: Yeah, we have to find her quickly...!
Kaoru: Finding her in this crowd is going to be strenuous.
Misaki: We don't have time to stand around, but it's also going to take a while if we just search randomly...
Misaki: Hm...?
Kokoro: What's wrong, Misaki?
Misaki: I feel like we've been in a situation like this before... The station entrance... The people... Yeah, we have...
Kanon: Ah...! Do you mean like that time with Pen-chan?
Kaoru: Yes, this is remarkably similar to the time we had to help that lost penguin return to the aquarium. I remember it as if it were yesterday.
Hagumi: We put on a show so that no one would notice Pen-chan!
Misaki: Right, it was Pen-chan... Hm? Wait, we might be able to use that strategy again...!
Kokoro: You mean... we should perform right here?
Misaki: Yeah, if it goes well, we might be able to find Luka-chan...
Black Suit: We can prepare your instruments right away.
Kanon: Ah, it's the suit people...! S-so you were right next to us...
Misaki: Yeah, well, they're always by Kokoro's side...
Kokoro: I don't really get what's going on, but... we won't know until we try! Everybody, let's go with Misaki's plan!
Kokoro: Let's put on a magical performance to bring back Lika and Luka's smiles! This is the Hello, Happy World! magical stage!
(Black cut)
Passerby A: ...? What's that? A street performance?
Passerby B: Huh, looks kind of interesting! Let's take a look!
Misaki: Alright. Just as I thought, Kokoro and the others are attracting attention...!
Lika: How does a street performance help us find Luka-chan?
Misaki: Well, you see how their show is drawing a crowd? This way, the flow of people is easier to watch.
Misaki: I'll watch the people walking over to the performance, so could you look at the people heading toward the station?
Lika: O-okay! I've got this...!
Misaki: Okay, now we just have to find her...
Lika: ...! Miss! Look over there!
Misaki: ...? That parent and child... Huh? Is that Luka-chan?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[MAHO DO - Interior]

Kokoro: I'm glad that Lika and Luka made up!
Misaki: Yeah, I seriously thought that we weren't going to make it in time.
Hagumi: Well, actually, we didn't.
Kanon: We didn't...? What do you mean?
Hagumi: Luka-chan was actually supposed to be on the train by the time we got there.
Hagumi: But apparently, when she was about to get on, she realized she'd dropped her strap.
Kanon: That was the strap you made, wasn't it?
Misaki: Are you saying that she came out of the station to look for her strap, and that's when she ran into Lika-chan?
Kaoru: Fufu, what a magical miracle.
Kokoro: Yeah, it must have been the power of magic!
Kokoro: The strap's magic spell was supposed to help them be friends forever, right? That magic must have stopped Luka!
Misaki: Hmm... I'd like to say that's impossible, but even I'm starting to think that's what happened...
Kanon: Th-those kinds of coincidences don't just happen, do they...?
Old Lady: Well, it looks like we've come full circle.
Hagumi: Ah, it's you!
Kokoro: Yeah, we got those girls to smile so brightly!
Old Lady: I see, I see. That's a relief.
Old Lady: By the way, I wanted to talk to you all about something... The store has calmed down a lot, don't you think?
Old Lady: You don't have to stick around anymore, but how would you like to help me for a little longer?
Misaki: Huh?
Old Lady: I think you would all make excellent apprentices.
Kokoro: I do enjoy helping out at the store... But we have our own activities to do!
Old Lady: Activities?
Misaki: That's not much of an explanation. but she means our band activities.
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! Hello, Happy World! is going to make the whole world smile!
Kaoru: Making this store bloom with the flowers of happiness was but one part of our band activities.
Old Lady: I see. In that case, it can't be helped. Well, you girls don't need to do an apprenticeship anyhow.
Old Lady: After all, you're already good at magic, aren't you? You can even change people's feelings with your own special magic.
Misaki & Kanon: ...
Kaoru & Hagumi: ...
Kokoro: Yes, we make everybody happy with the magic of smiles!
Kokoro: I know! I'll teach you our special magic words too!
Old Lady: Please do. I'd love to hear them.
Kokoro: It's a very simple, wonder-tastic phrase! Whenever you want to smile, you say this!
All: Happiness! Happy magical♪
All: Fufu. Ahaha! Ehehe.
(White cut)
