event131-05 Chapter 4: Magic Is...

Praise from the customers keeps making its way to MAHO DO. But not everyone seems happy...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[MAHO DO - Interior]

Hagumi: There are lots of customers here today too!
Kaoru: Yes, they are brimming with vitality and fleetingness... It feels as if the store is overflowing with smiles.
Kanon: But it's a little less busy than it was at first. I think the shopkeeper can handle this much on her own.
Misaki: Ah, that reminds me, some customers came in to share some news with us today.
Misaki: They said that, thanks to the charms they bought, good things have happened to them. Like wishes coming true, and problems being solved...
Kokoro: What great news!
Hagumi: Ehehe, I knew that magic clay was the real deal! And that also means we were able to make the magic work properly!
Kanon: Fufu, it would be nice if it truly was due to the power of magic.
Kanon: But isn't it also thanks to the hard work of  Kokoro-chan and the others..?
Misaki: Huh? What do you mean?
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, Kaoru-san, and Hagumi-chan have been recommending charms to customers, haven't they?
Misaki: Ah~, they have been doing quite a good job of that, haven't they?
Kanon: Yeah, they've been listening to the customers and thinking about how they can help solve their issues.
Kanon: I just thought... that might be what's pushing the more conflicted customers in the right direction.
Misaki: I see. Your frame of mind probably does have a lot to do with it...
Misaki: Things generally tend to not go so well when you have little confidence or courage.
Hagumi: I wasn't thinking about it that deeply... But if that's the case, then I'm really happy!
Kaoru: There is no greater joy than that which comes from helping others.
Kokoro: Yeah, I'm happy that we can make people smile!
Misaki: But with the number of people coming in to tell us their good news, I feel like we're doing a little too well...
Kanon: Hm? What do you mean?
Misaki: There are too many success stories... Do things really go that smoothly from just a little push...?
Kanon: When you put it like that... D-do you think something magical really is happening...?
Misaki: N-no way, it can't be. I just thought it was a little peculiar.
Hagumi: Ah, a customer! Welcome!
Lika: ...
Hagumi: Oh? You're the girl from the other day... Lika-chan, right? You came back! Thanks!
Kaoru: I see. Is she the girl who bought Hagumi's decorative strap?
Kokoro: Hagumi was so happy about that!
Misaki: But that girl looks kind of gloomy...
Lika: ... I came to return the strap I bought the other day.
Hagumi: Huh...?
Hagumi: Return it? Why? Isn't it supposed to match with Luka-chan's...?
Lika: We got into a fight, so I don't need it anymore...
Kanon: Wh-why were you fighting? I heard you were very close...
Lika: Luka-chan is transferring schools, and she hid it from me! She's moving tomorrow...!
Hagumi, Kanon, Kaoru & Misaki: ...!
Lika: You lied to me! You said this strap would make us best friends forever!
Lika: But it doesn't have any magic at all! You liar!
Hagumi: ...!
Misaki: Ah, wait a minute...!
Kaoru: ... She's gone.
Hagumi: I put all of my feelings into those straps, but I guess it wasn't enough...
Kanon: H-Hagumi-chan...
Hagumi: That girl was crying... because of me...
Hagumi: Hngh, I'm sorry, Lika-chan... Did I really lie to you...?
