event131-03 Chapter 2: Let's Make Magical Items!

The girls try to make magical items...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[MAHO DO - Interior]

Old Lady: ... So that's more or less how I make them.
Misaki: Huh, so you make your items out of clay...? I see, so then you just have to bake them in the oven...
Kanon: That's a relief. The process doesn't seem as difficult as I thought it would be.
Kaoru: ... I beg to differ. I am only just now realizing how challenging this task may be.
Kanon: Ah, yes. The final step is simple, but sculpting items out of clay that are as good as hers does look difficult.
Kaoru: That is not what I meant. Sculpting I can do... But magic is beyond my abilities...
Hagumi: Ah! That's right! I can't do magic either~!
Misaki: Magic...? Ohhh, you mean like what's written on those tags?
Misaki: I don't think that woman can actually use magic... I'm pretty sure it's just the theme of her store...
Kokoro: Hey, ma'am, how can we make these magical?
Old Lady: As long as you use this clay, it should be fine. Anything you make with it will have magical powers.
Kokoro: Magical powers?! Wow, so this is magic clay?!
Hagumi: Whoa! This is my first time seeing magic clay!
Old Lady: But you have to put your heart into making it, you know?
Old Lady: If you don't focus on what kind of charm you want it to be, the magic won't work.
Misaki: It looks like normal clay to me... I didn't realize this is how these types of stores made their products.
Misaki: But isn't "put your heart into it" a bit too vague...?
Kanon: Ahaha... This shopkeeper sure likes to joke.
Kanon: But when she says it, it makes me think that the clay really might be magic.
Misaki: Well, she certainly looks like she can use magic, doesn't she?
Misaki: If I were an elementary school kid, I might have even thought she was a witch...
Kokoro: Okay, it's our time to shine! Let's make lots of goods that will make customers smile!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Mmm~! I'm done!
Misaki: Huh? Already? But we've only just begun...
Kokoro: I just had so many things I wanted to make! Before I knew it, I'd made them all!
Kokoro: Look, everybody, it's a happy brooch!
Misaki: Happy brooch...?
Kanon: Erm, what shape is that...? Is this the top? Ah, or does it go this way...?
Kokoro: It's a smiley face! It's full of magic to make sure you have lots of fun!
Kokoro: And this one is a star~! It's got the power to let you see starry skies! Then there's this one~...
Misaki: I-I don't really get any of them. Or rather, they all look the same...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan's drawings are very unique... and so are her sculptures...
Kaoru: As expected, Kokoro, your brooches are going to be overflowing with charm.
Kaoru: But alas, I will not be outdone. Behold, my fleeting, gorgeous creations.
Hagumi: Lemme see, lemme see! Did you make these, Kaoru-kun...? Huh? Kaoru-kun?
Kokoro: Look at all the mini Kaoru faces! You're so good at this! They all look just like you!
Kanon: Wh-why did you sculpt your own face, Kaoru-san...?
Kaoru: Because people enjoy beautiful accessories. As I ruminated on this, the most beautiful thing that came to mind was... me.
Kaoru: I am certain that, if we turn these into pendants, they will make the customers shine even brighter.
Kaoru: This melancholic me will bring the wearer an encounter to make their heart race...
Kaoru: This gallant me will give the wearer the courage to face anything. And-
Misaki: We're not making band merchandise, you know... The only people who would buy these are your fans, Kaoru-san.
Kanon: If that's the case, they might actually sell out...
Hagumi: Kokoron and Kaoru-kun, you're both so amazing! Okay, now look at what I made! I worked super hard!
Kanon: What did you make, Hagumi-chan...? Oh, there's quite a lot here. A softball, a monkey, and... Is this a croquette?
Hagumi: That's right! I made all the things I like!
Hagumi: This is a magic softball that'll make you hit a home run for sure!
Hagumi: And for that one there, I cast a spell so that the teacher never calls on you in class~!
Kanon: Fufu, that's very like you, Hagumi-chan.
Misaki: Maybe it's because I saw yours after Kokoro and Kaoru-san's, but I'm quite relieved by how cute and normal they are...
Misaki: Hm? Hey, Hagumi? Is that one... Michelle and Marie?
Hagumi: Yeah! Those charms are a two-in-one!
Kanon: Two-in-one?
Hagumi: Yeah, I made them so that the two people who carry these will be best friends forever, just like Michelle and Marie!
Kanon: Friends forever, huh...? That sounds really lovely.
Misaki: I don't know if using Michelle's image to sell stuff is a good idea, but... I guess most customers would just think it's a bear and a rabbit.
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, Mii-kun, what did you guys make?
Kanon: It's not quite finished yet, but... I'm making a penguin. I'm not too confident about it, but I'm hoping it turns out okay.
Misaki: I'm not done yet at all. I know what I want to make, but I can't decide what kind of magic I should put into it...
Misaki: I know it's kind of rude to say this here, but I don't really believe in that sort of thing...
Old Lady: My, my, what a dreamless child.
Misaki: Yeah, I get that a lot...
Kokoro: It's okay, Misaki! I'm sure you can cast some wonderful spells too!
Kokoro: You just have to think of fun and happy feelings while you sculpt the clay! If you do that, you'll be able to make some really nice good luck charms!
Old Lady: It seems the long-haired girl over here has aptitude.
Kanon: Aptitude...? Aptitude for what?
Old Lady: Well, the aptitude for magic, of course. I suppose you could also call it the ability to make her feelings a reality.
Kokoro: Wow! So I can use magic?!
Hagumi: That's amazing, Kokoron! I'm jealous~. I wanna do magic too~!
Misaki: Magic...? There she goes again, saying strange things...
Kanon: Fufu, but if that's what it takes to be able to use magic, Kokoro-chan definitely has it.
