event131-04 Chapter 3: MAHO DO's Reopening!

The shop is finally reopening! Will their efforts pay off...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Residential Area]

Kokoro: Making those goods yesterday was really fun!
Hagumi: The old lady was happy that we made so many! But before I knew it, it was nighttime! I was so surprised!
Kanon: She said she would display the pieces we made, didn't she?
Kaoru: To think customers will be encountering our fleeting creations... Fufu, I cannot wait to see what kind of faces they will make.
Misaki: But the interior of the store is still the same as it was... So she might not get any customers yet.
Hagumi: ... Huh? That's the store over there, right?
Kanon: Yeah, but- Huh? There's a crowd in front of the store...
Kokoro: Are they customers?!
Misaki: L-let's go and see!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[MAHO DO - Interior]

Misaki & Kanon: ...
Misaki: Th-this is MAHO DO, right?
Kanon: Wow, it looks completely different from how it did yesterday...
Kokoro: Yeah! Now it's a super happy store!
Kaoru: Yes, this enveloping sense of security... This store has been reborn as a truly fleeting one!
Hagumi: This is amazing! I guess the old lady must've worked hard last night!
Misaki: No way. No matter how hard you work, you can't renovate a store overnight...!
Kanon: B-but she did...
Kanon: Maybe she really can do magic...
Misaki: K-Kanon-san, not you too. There's no way she can...
Kanon: Y-you're right. It's not possible.
Kaoru: Even so, it is remarkably crowded in here. Yesterday's silence feels like a dream.
Kokoro: Yeah, I bet the owner's really happy being surrounded by all these customers!
Hagumi: Hmm... She's over there, but she doesn't look too happy.
Misaki: Ah, there's a huge line at the counter...! She can't handle this many customers alone.
Kanon: W-we should help her...!
(Black cut)
Kanon: P-please line up over here if you're waiting to pay~.
Misaki: Good job, Kanon-san. I think the line should be fine like this.
Kanon: Sigh, thank goodness... Oh? Where did Kokoro-chan and the others go?
Misaki: They're talking to customers about the products. Look over there...
Kokoro: Hey, what kind of good luck charm are you looking for?
Little Girl A: Do you have one to help with nerves? I have a piano recital coming up...
Kokoro: In that case, I have the perfect brooch for you! This brooch will help you have lots of fun!
Little Girl A: Lots of fun... Um, I just want something that calms my nerves...
Kokoro: I don't really know what these "nerves" are... But your heart feels heavy with worry, right?
Kokoro: In times like that, smiling is the best medicine! If you're smiling, all your worries and fears just disappear!
Kokoro: This brooch will attract lots of fun to you, so I'm sure you'll be able to face your recital with a smile!
Little Girl A: Y-you really think so...?
Kaoru: Greetings, my troubled little kitten. Tell me, what is it that you're looking for?
Little Girl B: I want a victory charm to help me win. I have a basketball game soon...
Kaoru: I see, so you wish to ask for certain victory. In that case, I recommend this gallant Kaoru Seta pendant.
Kaoru: Just looking at it makes courage well up deep inside you, does it not? That is the kind of magic this charm holds.
Little Girl B: ... Will it really work?
Kaoru: Of course, I wouldn't lie to a cute little kitten. Now, let me bestow some words of wisdom upon you.
Kaoru: Do not fear defeat, be brave, and step up to the challenge. The goddess of victory will surely smile down upon you.
Little Girl B: ... Thank you. I'll do my best to win!
Hagumi: Kokoron and Kaoru-kun are working hard to help customers... Alright, I gotta give it my all too~!
Hagumi: Ah, there are some girls over there. I wonder if they're friends~... Hello~
Hagumi: What kinda charms are you looking for? If you'd like, I can give you some recommendations!
Little Girl C: We want to get matching friendship charms.
Hagumi: Matching ones?
Little Girl C: Yeah, I wanna match with Luka-chan.
Little Girl D: I'd love to match with you, Lika-chan.
Hagumi: I see, so you two are really close, then!
Hagumi: They don't match exactly, but I have the perfect two-in-one straps for you both!
Hagumi: Here, look, look! It's a bear and a rabbit!
Lika: Wow, they're so cute! A pink bear and a purple rabbit!
Hagumi: These charms have a special magic in them. If you both keep one each, you'll be best friends forever!
Lika & Luka: Best friends forever...?
Luka: Hey, Lika-chan, let's get these! We can put them on together!
Lika: Yeah, if you like them too, let's get them! We'll take these two straps, please!
Hagumi: Wow, I'm so glad you like them~! Thanks! Take good care of 'em!
(Black cut)

[After Hours]

Misaki: Sigh~, things are finally calming down. I'm exhausted...
Kanon: Yeah, but I'm glad everything went well.
Old Lady: You girls really saved me.
Old Lady: I didn't think it'd get that busy so soon... I need to get myself an apprentice, or else I won't be able to run the store.
Misaki: An apprentice?
Kanon: Perhaps she means someone to help make the goods...?
Old Lady: Sorry about this, but could you girls help me out until I find one?
Kokoro: Yes, leave it to us! We'll help make the store smile more than ever!
Misaki: I would say don't make any more promises, but... I guess that ship has sailed, so we don't have much choice.
Hagumi: We can't leave the old lady all alone when the store is this busy!
Kaoru: Yes, it is just as Shakespeare once said, "We should help each other in times of need..."
Kanon: D-did he really say that...?
Misaki: Well, let's just do our best until things cool down.
