event131-06 Chapter 5: A Special Magic

What will Hagumi do after hearing Lika-chan's words...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[After Hours]

[MAHO]

Hagumi: ...
Misaki: Ch-cheer up, Hagumi...
Kaoru: It is a terrible shame that Lika-chan and Luka-chan have fallen out...
Kaoru: But you are not to blame. It was the cruel work of fate.
Kokoro: Hagumi! Smile, smile!
Kokoro: If you keep that sad look on your face, all your happiness will fade away!
Hagumi: But it's my fault...
Hagumi: Those two are fighting because I couldn't get the magic to work properly...
Kanon: Hagumi-chan...
Hagumi: I-I know! Miss, maybe you could do something...!
Misaki: Huh...?
Hagumi: She might know some magic that can help them make up...!
Old Lady: You can't fix everything with magic, young lady.
Hagumi: But...
Old Lady: I'm pretty sure using magic to change how people feel is against the rules.
Hagumi: ...
Old Lady: In order to use magic effectively, you have to train. In other words, it's not something you girls can do yet.
Old Lady: But I do think there is some magic that only you girls can use.
Kokoro: Yeah, that's it! It's just like she says!
Kokoro: We can't fly through the sky or make snacks appear out of thin air, but we can use the magic of smiles"!
Kanon: The magic of smiles... Ah, the magic words...! Happiness, happy magical...!
Kaoru: Yes, we have always used magic to make the world smile...
Misaki: Well, our methods can be a bit absurd, but I guess in the end we always do make people smile...
Kokoro: Let's use our own magic to put smiles on Lika and Luka's faces!
Kokoro: If it's us, we could even make the moon smile!
Hagumi: Kokoron...
Kaoru: As long as there are those out there who have forgotten how to smile, it is our duty to remind them how to do so.
Kanon: I'm not sure how we could do it, but... let's do what we can, Hagumi-chan.
Misaki: Everyone is raring to go... What do you think, Hagumi?
Hagumi: I... I...
Hagumi: I want to help Lika-chan and Luka-chan smile again!
Misaki: Ahaha, I knew you would.
Kokoro: Then let's make a plan!
Kaoru: It appears she is moving away tomorrow. We have no time to lose...!
Kanon: Yeah, we have to create an opportunity for Lika-chan and Luka-chan to make up...!
Old Lady: ...
Old Lady: What's this? It's not just the long-haired girl. It seems they all have the aptitude for magic. How wonderful.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[The Park]

Lika: ...
Hagumi: Ah~! There she is! Lika-chan!
Lika: ...? You're from MAHO DO...?
Hagumi: I've been looking for you, Lika-chan~.
Hagumi: We figured you must live nearby, so we split up and asked all the kids we saw if they knew you.
Lika: ... Why are you here? I don't wanna talk to a liar.
Hagumi: Ngh, I'm sorry... It seems like my magic didn't work very well...
Hagumi: But even if I can't use magic, I'm going to help you make up with Luka-chan!
Lika: I'm never making up with her. She's the one that didn't tell me anything.
Hagumi: But are you okay with that, Lika-chan? Are you sure you want her to leave like this?
Lika: Well...
Hagumi: Saying goodbye without fixing things would be so sad! Are you really, truly okay with that?
Lika: ... The truth is... I really want to make up with her.
Lika: I want to make up with her and stay friends, even if she's far away, but...
Hagumi: Then you have to tell her that! Happiness! Happy magical!
Lika: ...? What's that?
Hagumi: Magic words to give you courage! It takes guts to make up with someone, but you'll be fine if you say these words!
Lika: But it's too late... She's probably already left home and is on her way to the station by now...
Hagumi: It's okay! We will make it! Believe in me!
