event228-04 Chapter 3: The Many Ways of Spending Time

Everyone is having a good time, and it's not just Hanasakigawa students...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara)

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Hallway]

Kasumi: The flower arrangement trial was so fun~!
LOCK (Rokka): It was! Eve-senpai's flower arrangement was mighty pretty~. She looked so dignified while doing it.
Ako: It was so cool when people called her President Wakamiya~!
Mashiro: I was worried since I'd never done it before, but Eve-san took the time to teach me, so I had some fun... It might give me some ideas for writing lyrics.
Kasumi: Right?! I feel like new lyrics came to me too!
Asuka: Anyway, Sis... I only asked you to show me where the club room was, but you ended up having fun with us until the end.
Kasumi: So what~? I wanted to do it too~.
Committee Member: Oh! Toyama-senpai~! The firewood for the bonfire arrived, but it'll be difficult to carry with just the first-year students...
Kasumi: Okay~! I'll grab some people who are free! Alright, guys, there's still lots and lots of fun stuff to check out, so go and look around!
Kasumi: Oh, also! Poppin'Party's show starts at three o'clock in the gym, so I hope you can drop by!
LOCK (Rokka): We'll go! We'll definitely go! Right, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: M-mhm...! U-umm, I'll let Tsukushi-chan and the others know too.
Kasumi: Thanks! Alrighty then, see ya~!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah~... I can't wait for Poppin'Party's show~.
Asuka: Jeez... Sis can be so rowdy sometimes...
Ako: But on the way here, Kasumi was approached by so many underclassmen, right? She was like a dependable senior, you know?
Mashiro: Yeah... I haven't really seen what Kasumi-san is like at school... It feels strange somehow.
Ako: Hey, hey, where do we go next?!
LOCK (Rokka): Let's see~. The jumbo takoyaki stall on the pamphlet looks interesting, and so does the record shop that's an individual stall...
Ako: Oh! Hey, let's go to 3A's café! Saya-chan and Arisa might be there!
Asuka: Yeah, I wanna thank them for always taking care of my sister. Let's go then.
???: Hey... You guys... Come here...
Mashiro: ...?! H-huh? Where's that voice coming from...?
Ako: Th-that person in the shadows is...!
LOCK (Rokka): Tae-senpai? Wh-what are you doing...?
Tae: Fufufu... Leading you to... the secret tea party...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Saya: Here we go~. Make sure to smile~... Say cheese!
Saya: Thank you, everyone~! ... Fufu, I took a lot of good pictures~.
???: Excuse me~, could you take a picture for me~?
Saya: Sur- Oh, it's you, Natsu. Where are Mayu and the others?
Natsuki: They're over there playing ring toss. More importantly, look at this leather jacket. I bought it from the flea market on the field just now. Isn't the red color super cool?
Saya: Ahaha, you're too excited. Where are you gonna wear something that flashy?
Natsuki: Hold on now, you're the one that's too excited. You're holding a bag filled to the brim with snacks. Just how many stalls did you go to?
Saya: Ahaha... Well, all the food in the stalls looked good, so...
Rimi: Kaoru-san~! I love you~!
Natsuki: Ooh~, Shout and Live Your Youth is getting exciting~. Ushigome-san's voice was booming.
Saya: Fufu, I bet her face is bright red.
Natsuki: ... It's going great, huh?
Saya: Yeah~. It's not every day that you get to shout in front of a lot of people at school, so it's a special kind of fun.
Natsuki: Not just for Ushigome-san, but for you too.
Saya: Me?
Natsuki: Mhm. You seem like you're enjoying yourself. You look so much happier when you're laughing compared to before.
Saya: ... Mhm. But I'm sure it'll be even more fun from now on...
Natsuki: Yeah.
Saya: Hey, wanna try it later?
Natsuki: Huh?
Saya: Shout and Live Your Youth. It looks like we can join without registering beforehand. Besides, it's the culture festival, so let's make the most of it.
Natsuki: ... Sounds good. Let's go then!
(Black cut)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Rimi: Sigh~, I was so nervous~... Huh? That person over there is...
Eve: Well then, everyone, let us keep frying these delicious hot dogs! For those who are bringing in customers, please take breaks when necessary.
Eve: The Kendo Club shall unite as one and do our best!
Kendo Club Members: Yes, President Wakamiya!
Eve: I shall go on a patrol around the school now!
Rimi: Fufu, you're all fired up, Eve-chan. You're working hard.
Eve: Oh, Rimi-san! Your confession earlier was incredible!
Rimi: R-really? Ohh, I'm so embarrassed~...
Rimi: ... But, it felt good.
Eve: It did...?
Rimi: Mhm. It's hard to explain, but... even though it's embarrassing, it felt like I could let loose, just for today... It's like I'm under the culture festival's spell...
Rimi: Eve-chan, if there's something you wanna say, you should say it. You'll feel so much better!
Eve: ... There is nothing I wish to say, really...
Nanami: Oh, I found Rimi-rin-senpai. And Eve-senpai too. Hello~.
Rimi: Nanami-chan!
Nanami: Your shouting earlier was super cool~. I've got it recorded on my phone~.
Rimi: Ohh, how embarrassing. Please delete it, Nanami-chan~.
Nanami: Now, now. Let's go to the game exhibit then~. After hearing about it from you, I've been looking forward to that horror game~.
Rimi: Mhm! We can play old games that are hard to get, and there are lots of research reports on display~.
Nanami: Whoa~, let's hurry then~!
Rimi: See you later, Eve-chan!
Eve: ... What I wish to say...
