event228-01 Opening: Festival Preparations

As the head of the culture festival committee, Kasumi is eager to do well...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Day Before The Culture Festival]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Kasumi: It's done~! Class 3A's café sign is complete!
Classmate A: "Treating you with super tasty tea and bread♪" It looks good. The letters are colorful, so they stand out even from afar!
Classmate B: Way to go, Kasumi~! Your drawing of a piece of bread playing a guitar is... Umm, well... it's cute!
Kasumi: Ehehe~! Then I'll decorate the blackboard next~...
Saya: Hold on, Kasumi. Isn't it almost time for the culture festival committee to go on patrol?
Kasumi: Huh?! It's that time already? I've gotta hurr-
Committee Members: Head organizer Toyama~!
Kasumi: Wh-whoa, what's wrong, you guys?!
Committee Member A: Umm, we got word that the power generator for Class 2B's stand isn't working...!
Committee Member B: The Track and Field Club complained that their tent has holes...
Kasumi: Okay~! There's a spare power generator in the gym's storage area, so we can use that... and I'll ask the people downtown if we can rent a tent!
Arisa: Wait, Kasumi, you've got a meeting about the gym show at two o'clock, remember? Will you make it if you're doing all that?
Kasumi: Ah~! Oh yeah! Ngh~, what do I do~?!
Arisa: Jeez... I'll join the meeting, so you should go on your patrol. Eve is waiting for you anyway.
Saya: Leave the downtown errand to me.
Kasumi: Thanks, Arisa and Saya~. I'll go patrolling then~!
Arisa: Phew~, she's a handful...
Saya: Fufu, that was a good save, Arisa~.
Arisa: You too... Jeez, she's been busy ever since becoming the head organizer of the culture festival committee.
Saya: Well, that just shows how hard she's working for everyone. She's been saying how it'll be the best culture festival ever, after all. She's enjoying practice more too.
Arisa: I guess so. If you put it that way, then I'm glad it turned out well for O-Tae too, since it didn't affect practice for the festival.
Saya: Yeah~. When she said Yukina-senpai invited her to be a studio musician, I wasn't sure what was going on...
Arisa: Turns out she just had to replace the agency's guitarist to record a song. She said it was fun making friends at the studio. She was perfectly fine. Sheesh, what a relief.
Saya: All that's left is for you to draw a good number to decide what order we'll perform in~.
Arisa: Hang on, don't put pressure on me like that. Anyway, I'll go now.
Saya: Mhm. See you.
Arisa: ... Hey.
Saya: ...?
Arisa: Let's make this year's culture festival show the best one yet.
Saya: ... Mhm!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Kasumi: Eve-chan~! Pant...! Pant...! Sorry for the wait~!
Eve: It is alright! Well then, let us begin the last day's patrol! We shall start from the third-years' classroom!
Kasumi: Okay~!
Eve: It seems like the entire school is getting excited about the festival tomorrow.
Kasumi: I know, right?! I really love this kind of vibe! It's like everyone's feelings are squished together and running in one direction!
Eve: It is similar to how restless we feel before a big show!
Kasumi: Yup! As members of the culture festival committee, we've gotta make this festival the best one ever!
Eve: Everybody in class believed in me and elected me as a committee member. Therefore, I, Eve Wakamiya, shall do my best to live up to their expectations!
Committee Member: Hello~! We're currently testing Shout and Live Your Youth from the roof~! Committee members on the field, please raise your hand if you can hear me~!
Kasumi: Whoa~, if you shout your heart out, you can be heard even without a mic~!
Eve: The school roof has been made accessible, and you can confess a secret to the entire student body... How very exciting.
Kasumi: It's the highlight of this year's culture festival, after all! There were lots of entries, so I'm sure it'll be a blast!
Eve: As the committee member that helped plan it, I am overjoyed. I look forward to tomorrow!
Kokoro: Kasumi, Eve~!
Kasumi: Oh, Kokoron~! Wow, you made a sign! It says, "3E’s Youthful☆Pomegranate Crepes for Sale in the Courtyard." ... Ohh~! Looks great~!
Kokoro: Yeah! We just went to the downtown area to advertise! We said we'll make yummy crepes that'll make everyone happy, and to please come eat them. Right, Misaki?
Misaki: Seriously, do you even know how much I struggled just to get you to cook the batter normally...?
Kokoro: I mean, instead of making it round, we'll bring way more smiles if we make a smiley face or a star shape, right?
Eve: Oh? Is Hagumi-san not with you?
Misaki: She said she was gonna prepare for her individual stall, so she's probably in the courtyard. I think you can see her from the window.
Kasumi: Hmm~... Oh, you're right. She's handing out fliers! Hagu's super serious about the Hanasakigawa Quiz Championship~!
Misaki: She said, "Studying with Hina-chan-sensei felt like doing a quiz, and it was fun, so I wanna do a quiz with everyone!" She went all out coming up with questions...
Eve: I am excited for Hagumi-san's individual stall! Oh...? The sports field seems busy...
Kasumi: Whoa, there's a crowd of people... What's going on?
Eve: I shall head there and check! Kasumi-san, please continue patrolling the school.
Kasumi: Okay! Take care~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy -  Sports Field]

Hanasakigawa Student A: Hey, is that allowed...? There's a lot of rabbits in the next booth...
Hanasakigawa Student B: Those rabbits are from the middle school, right...?
Tae: Picnic blanket, check. Table and desk, okay. I just have to prepare the drinks next... Fufu... you're all so cute.
Eve: Excuse me, I'm a committee member! Everyone, please let me go through...! ... Oh, Tae-san!
Tae: Hey there~, Eve.
Eve: Wh-what is the meaning of all those rabbits...?
Tae: I'm preparing for the Fluffy Café. You can play with rabbits while drinking juice. It's my individual stall.
Eve: Wow, they're so cute...! No, that is not it. Where have you obtained those rabbits from?
Tae: The rabbit hutch from the middle school. I made sure to ask beforehand, of course. I said, "Wanna help with the culture festival?" Then they purred. Right, guys?
Eve: Asking the rabbits does not count! You shall explain yourself further in the committee room! Let us make our way there!
Tae: It can't be...! Ngh...! The Fluffy Café will definitely open for business...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: It's sparkling everywhere I look...! The entire school is buzzing with excitement...!
Kasumi: It's tomorrow...! I'm gonna make it an awesome culture festival that everyone will enjoy!
