event228-05 Chapter 4: Cheerful Voices Echoing

Among all the stalls and exhibits, LAYER looks for one in particular.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Mashiro Kurata, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Behind The School]

LAYER (Rei): ... I think Hana-chan's stall should be around here... Huh? LOCK...?
LOCK (Rokka): So fluffy~... I think it's my first time being surrounded by so many rabbits~.
Ako: I'm feeling super-duper happy~.
Mashiro: They're really soft. I want to keep holding them...
LAYER (Rei): Umm... What's this...?
Tae: Welcome to the Fluffy Café.
LAYER (Rei): Hana-chan!
Asuka: Oh, LAYER-san. Err... Would you like to sit next to us...?
LOCK (Rokka): You're free to touch these rabbits as much as you want. Do you want to cuddle them together?
Tae: Rei, pick a rabbit that you like and order juice from this menu. You can hold a rabbit while drinking juice. That's what the Fluffy Café is about.
LAYER (Rei): Th-thank you... I see, so that's the concept of this café.
Eve: Tae-san! What are you doing at a place like this?!
Ako: Oh, it's Eve! Why are you panicking so much?
Eve: How many times have I told you that rabbits are not allowe-
Tae: Eve, look closely. These are all plushies.
Eve: Huh...? Plushies...?
Tae: I brought lots of them from home. I was told by a committee member that I could use this place since the field was full. So I opened my café here.
Eve: I see... So that is what happened... My apologies for getting ahead of myself...!
Tae: No worries. The fluffiness forgives all.
Ako: Eve, hang out with us at the Fluffy Café! The rabbits are super soft!
LOCK (Rokka): Would you like to touch them too?
Eve: Oh... They are so fluffy and cute...! Gasp! No, I have work to do...!
Ako: And she's gone...
LAYER (Rei): Eve-chan seems busy, huh?
Tae: Guys, here's some red bean soup. It's on the house.
Ako: Yay~! Hooray~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Misaki: Whoa... There's a long line for the crepes over there...
Misaki: Mmm, it'd be nice if our stall was a little more popular too~. Pomegranates and crepes are surprisingly an okay combination.
Kokoro: Misaki~! The crepes are ready~!
Misaki: Okay~, thank- Wait, what?! This is overkill! How many did you make?!
Kokoro: I didn't count, but there should be around one hundred. I mean, Misaki, before you took a break you told me to just keep cooking, right?
Misaki: I did, but I didn't think you'd use up all the ingredients! Ugh, what do we do with all these...?
Woman: Kokoro-chan~, we're here to eat your crepes~.
Kokoro: The lady from downtown! Welcome! Wow, you've brought so many friends with you!
Woman: Yes~. They're from my gateball team. Our grandchildren are here too~. Someone who came to borrow our tents yesterday gave us coupons for this culture festival~.
Misaki: Whoa, we suddenly have so many people...! Oh, but Kokoro cooked lots of crepes...
Kokoro: I'll cook some more, so please wait a moment! Here I go~! There~!
Hanasakigawa Student C: Hey, look. That person at the crepe stand is amazing. She's cooking while juggling at the same time!
Visitor: Whoa, cool! It's like a circus! I think I'll buy from them. Excuse me, I'd like one crepe please~!
Misaki: A-a line is starting to form...
Classmate C: Way to go, Tsurumaki-san! Our crepes are starting to sell like hotcakes!
Kokoro: Yes! Let's make lots and lots of Youthful☆Crepes!
Classmate D: Alright, we're gonna do our best too! Let's add some fruits! Bring in more pomegranates~!
Misaki: Oh~... That looks kinda good.
Misaki: ... Wait, Kokoro? That's a really big crepe you're making...
Kokoro: This is for Michelle! She has a big body, so the crepe has to be big too!
Misaki: Ahaha, I don't think she can finish eating something so huge~. Well... Okay, sure. I'll give it to her later.
Kaoru: Fufu... Observe, Kanon. Watch their fleeting figures, toiling and sweating away as they face the hot plate...
Kanon: Wow, the line is so long. Misaki-chan~, Kokoro-chan~.
Misaki: Oh, Kaoru-san and Kanon-san. Welcome. Our pomegranate crepes are pretty popular.
Kokoro: Oh? That’s Charley over there! Charley! You came here to buy crepes, right?
Misaki: Ah, Kokoro, don't run out of stall with the spatula~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: ... Alright, I'm done with work, so I'd better prepare for the show. The key for the student council room is-
Rinko: Ah... Sorry for intruding...
Arisa: Rinko-senpai? What are you doing here?
Rinko: Well... I was walking around the school, and found myself heading towards this room... I thought someone would be here... so I came...
Arisa: I-I see...! Umm, I'll pour you some tea!
Rinko: Oh, uhh... Don't mind me at all... The culture festival is very busy, isn't it?
Arisa: Yes, Kasumi's been really determined from the planning stage and made all the students work together... Everyone's excited.
Arisa: She sure is incredible.
Rinko: ... But, I think Toyama-san can be the way she is... thanks to you, Ichigaya-san.
Rinko: It's not just her... All the students feel safe enough to spread their wings... because you, Okusawa-san, and the others are supporting them... behind the scenes.
Arisa: Rinko-senpai...
Rinko: Fufu... I'm glad the culture festival... turned out wonderfully...
Arisa: Umm, Rinko-senpai, have you seen the Literature Club's exhibit? It's really detailed and definitely worth checking out. If you haven't yet, do you want to go together?
Rinko: Yes, I'd love to... Oh, but... don't you have to prepare for the show at the gym soon...?
Arisa: Don't worry! There's still some time. Let's go then, Rinko-senpai!
Rinko: Fufu... Yes, let's go.
