event228-02 Chapter 1: Festival Eve Fun

The sky is filled with stars the night before the festival. Everyone is excited.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Night Before The Culture Festival]

[Culture Festival Committee Room]

Kasumi: Tomorrow's schedule is ready, and so is the application for each class. There's als-
Eve: Kasumi-san, the bonfire for the after-party has been prepared on the field!
Kasumi: Thanks, Eve-chan~! Ngh~, doing paperwork is so hard~. I'm not making any progress~.
Eve: Kasumi-san, desperate times call for desperate measures! Have some hyorogan rations!
Kasumi: Hyorogan rations...?
Eve: In ancient times, samurai are said to have brought them to war for consumption in times of hunger!
Eve: The final battle is tomorrow! Let us adopt the samurai custom and consume these to restore our spirits!
Kasumi: Yay~! Then I'll have one... Mmm~! It's so sweet~! Is that honey inside?
Eve: Indeed! I made a contemporary version based on many references!
Kasumi: Whoa~! I'm getting super pumped up and energized~! I'll have another one! Mmm~! Yummy~!
Eve: Kasumi-san, doing paperwork is certainly challenging, but it is for the culture festival! Let us do our best together.
Kasumi: Mhm! Our seniors have done so much for us until now, so this time it's our turn to support our underclassmen.
Kasumi: Alright~! I'm gonna make it a fun culture festival for sure~! Bushido~!
Eve: Kasumi-san, that is the spirit! Bushido~!
Kasumi: Bushido~!
Eve: Excellent! Alright, once more!
Kasumi & Eve: Bushido~!
Arisa: What are you guys up to...?
Saya: We could hear your voices in the hallway.
Kasumi: Ah! Arisa, Saya~!
Eve: Thank you for working until late into the night!
Saya: You guys, too. We got worried, so we came to check up on you, but... fufu, you seem just fine.
Arisa: We brought some snacks for you two.
Kasumi: Thank you~! How's the student council stuff? Everything going smoothly?
Arisa: Yeah, we're done for now... Oh, but Okusawa-san was practicing for tomorrow's opening speech...
Eve: What about you, Saya-san? Is the Photography Club's meeting about volunteering finished?
Saya: Yeah. There are lots of student volunteers like me who are into taking pictures. Each person was assigned to a photo spot for tomorrow. We can't wait to take great pictures!
Saya: The pictures will be used on Hanasakigawa's website, and in the school's information session pamphlets, so we've gotta take lots of good ones.
Kasumi: Everyone's on the home stretch! It's so exciting~!
Arisa: We peeked into other classrooms on the way here. A lot of people are staying behind and preparing. Rimi and O-Tae said they'd come over after they're done.
Kokoro & Hagumi: Hello~!
Kasumi: Whoa, it's you guys~! Did you finish everything on your end?
Hagumi: Yup, all done! I can't wait for the festival~!
Kokoro: Then let's all go to the roof!
Kasumi & Arisa: The roof?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Roof]

Kasumi: Mmm~, the breeze at night feels so good~!
Saya: Wow, I don't go to the roof often, so it's kinda exciting~.
Arisa: Whoa~. The view at night is really pretty. The downtown area is over there... and that light is probably CiRCLE.
Rimi: Look, the stars are so pretty too. Fufu, it might be sunny tomorrow.
Kokoro: Now then, everyone! Look at these! I printed lots of copies, so feel free to take them!
Arisa: What... are these? They look like a bunch of scribbles to me...
Kokoro: They're star charts that I made! It's the Astronomy Club's activity. We'll be giving these out to everyone at tomorrow's festival!
Arisa: Melon buns, Michelle, acorns, and smiles... I've never seen these constellations before...
Kokoro: Yes, that's because I found them on my own!
Hagumi: Wow~! Kokoron, they're all super-duper fun, huh?
Kasumi: I'll look for a Poppin'Party constellation!
Tae: Is there a culture festival constellation?
Arisa: What do you mean, culture festival constellation? That's nonsense.
Saya: Ahaha, the sky is so big, you know? We're bound to find them. I'll look too.
Kasumi: ... Hey, hey, hanging out in school at night with everyone like this is super fun, right?
Hagumi: Yeah! Even though this place is nothing new, it feels like we're somewhere completely different.
Kasumi: I know, right?! Ah~, it's finally happening tomorrow~! I'm feeling more and more awake~!
Misaki: You've been working really hard lately, too. You're really amazing...
Arisa: Well, Kasumi's stamina knows no bounds at times like these... On second thought, Eve is even more amazing.
Eve: Me, you say?
Rimi: Mhm. You're in three clubs, have a part-time job, do work under Pastel＊Palettes, and you're even part of the culture festival committee.
Hagumi: You have super early morning meetings, right? Isn't it hard to wake up?
Eve: Oh, regarding that matter, I als-
Kasumi: I'd go back to sleep for sure~!
Arisa: You've been late so many times, you know?!
Kasumi: Huh~? Really? But Eve-chan, you always arrive early to the meeting room and arrange the desks, right?
Hagumi: That's our Eve-chin!
Misaki: As the student council president, I need to learn your ways~. So, Wakamiya-san, were you about to say something?
Eve: N-no, it is nothing...
Arisa: But... usually, people slack off a bit when no one else is looking~.
Misaki: I get that. Seriously~, you're so diligent... I respect you, really.
Eve: P-please... This is all merely training for me to achieve the true bushido spirit...!
Eve: I shall give it my all tomorrow to live up to everyone's expectations!
Hagumi: Go~! Go~! Eve-chin!
Kasumi: Do your best, Eve-chan~!
Arisa: The same goes for you!
Kasumi: Huh~?! I'm doing my best, you know~!
All: Ahahaha.
Eve: ...
