event64-02 Chapter 1: A Special Place

How can Hina make sure the astronomy club stays around? A worried Hina goes to Sayo for advice...

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence]

Hina: Hmmm... Hrm~, grrr...
Sayo: It's quite unusual to see you thinking so hard about something.
Hina: Huh? Ah, Sis!
Hina: Hey~, don't say that! I can worry about stuff too~!
Sayo: I haven't seen it very often. I suppose it's something that requires a lot of thought?
Sayo: You've just been sitting there frozen for the past ten minutes holding that snack, so I was wondering what was wrong.
Hina: What? Oh, you're right!
Hina: Ahaha... Something happened today at school that wasn't very boppin'...
Hina: They said my astronomy club might be disbanded.
Sayo: ...? Why's that?
Hina: The members of the student council who read my club reports don't believe that I've been doing club activities.
Sayo: I imagine you just wrote whatever random thoughts came to mind. Leave it to you to be careless with that.
Hina: No, I wasn't careless! They think I was just writing random stuff, but I wasn't!
Sayo: The fact that they think that means it's true. So that's why you're actually taking the time to worry about something?
Hina: Mhm, I'm trying to come up with something to do for the club, but I can't think of any boppin' ideas~.
Sayo: You're the only one in this astronomy club, correct?
Hina: Yep, that's right.
Sayo: In that case, I don't think there's really an issue... Couldn't you just carry out the activities on your own, instead of as a club?
Hina: What~?! No way! I won't be able to use the room! I don't want that to happen!
Sayo: What room?
Hina: The Astronomy Club room! It has research notebooks left from former senpai, along with their journals. It's all so interesting~!
Hina: Every person who's been a part of the club has been a complete weirdo, and the room is full of strange stuff that belonged to them!
Hina: Here, read some of this! It's one of my senpai's journals!
Sayo: You're carrying around someone else's journal...?
Hina: I had too! It's so interesting! Look, December twelfth is amazing!
Sayo: This part? Let's see...
Sayo: "December 12th. I've discovered a collection of dust in the corner of the room! It's reminiscent of a nebula! Whoa, being in this room feels like being in space! I have to leave it the way it is♪"
Sayo: What is this...?
Hina: Interesting, isn't it?! There's just something different about these senpai!
Sayo: ... I don't see what's so interesting about it.
Hina: Aww~, it's so obvious though~.
Sayo: ...
Sayo: I don't understand what's supposed to be good about dust gathering, and I certainly don't follow whatever it is you're trying to say...
Sayo: However, I can tell this room is very important to you, yes?
Hina: Yes! Extremely! I don't wanna lose it!
Sayo: Then it's clear what you must do.
Hina: Huh? What is it?!
Sayo: Prove you're performing club activities and argue for your club to not be disbanded.
Hina: Club activities...? Hm~... But all I've been doing is looking at stars~.
Hina: Do you think they're gonna decide that the school needs an astronomy club after they see me doing that?
Sayo: If I was a member of that student council, the astronomy club would be no more.
Hina: That's so mean, Sis!
Sayo: If you want to leave a good impression on the council members, you need to show them you're performing meaningful activities.
Hina: Meaningful? Like what?
Sayo: For example... You can bring in other students and hold a meeting where you communicate what exactly your club does.
Sayo: If you're able to convey what exactly your club has accomplished, I think that will garner a positive reaction from the student council.
Hina: Hmmm, so that's a meaningful activity, huh? I don't know if I'll be able to get other students to understand what's interesting about the astronomy club though.
Hina: I guess I just don't see them getting it. Everyone that's come to check out the club so far hasn't understood.
Sayo: That'll come down to the effort you put in. Your club will be disbanded if you do nothing.
Hina: Aww~, I can't have that~... Sigh... I guess I'll have to try then~.
Sayo: Wise decision. Now, get to work. This is your club, after all.
