event64-04 Chapter 3: Astronomy Club Is Full of Charm

Hina and Kokoro hold a PR event for the astronomy club. Will it prove successful...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[The Next Day]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Astronomy Club]

Hina: Alrighty! I've got the sweets and the juice! I think with this, we're ready to go~!
Kokoro: Yep! It's looking to be a fun event! I wish the visitors would come sooner.
Hina: Ahaha, it's hard to sit still when you're waiting for people, isn't it?!
Lisa: Ah, there you two busy bees are~☆
Hina: Oh? What are you doing here, Lisa-chi~?
Lisa: I heard the Astronomy Club is holding an event today, so I came to check it out.
Hina: Wow, thanks! I'm so glad you're here~!
Lisa: Well, I am a little interested myself, but I know someone who was a bit worried, so I came to see what was happening in their place.
Hina: Someone's worried? Who?
Lisa: Ahaha, makes you wonder, doesn't it? So, what kind of event did you decide on?
Hina: Fufufu~, I'm glad you asked!
Hina: We're gonna present to everyone all the things that the Astronomy Club has done up until now~!
Lisa: Ohhh~, so you're gonna show pictures of stars and share information about stargazing from your records? Stuff like that?
Lisa: That's totally awesome! Start telling people about stars and space, and they'll wanna go stargazing tonight!
Hina: What? No, that's not what I was talking about.
Lisa: Huh?
Hina: I'm gonna show them... this! The activity notebooks from the previous members and the weird stuff they made! I tell you, they were some interesting people.
Lisa: What?!
Lisa: N-now that you mention it, yeah, there's a bunch of weird stuff put up around the room... What's this?
Hina: Oh, this? It's a doll an upperclassman from a few years ago made? Uhhh, a figurine, I guess?
Hina: I haven't the slightest clue, but there was a bunch in a cardboard box, so I used them as decorations.
Kokoro: So this doll is a figurine? I don't get it, but it sure is lovely!
Hina: I know, right! If I had to say what it is... my bet would be on it being an alien!
Hina: It just gives you that Martian feeling, doesn't it?!
Lisa: O-okay then... And the books lined up on this table are your senpai's old activity notebooks?
Hina: You got it! You should give them a read! There's a lot of good stuff written in these!
Lisa: O-okay. Let's see what we have here... "Research on Planets I Thought Up"? This one's called, "Research on Rituals that Will Make a Shooting Star Appear"??
Lisa: ... Sorry if this is a dumb question, but is this what an astronomy club does?
Hina: Ours does, yeah!
Kokoro: I don't follow at all, but it all sounds like a great time!
Kokoro: I wish the visitors would come already! I can't wait to show them the stuff here!
Hina: I knew you would understand, Kokoro-chan!
Lisa: What? No, she just said she doesn't though...
Hina: Other students think the club is boring because they don't know about it, but we've got so many interesting things!
Hina: I hope I can get at least one visitor to understand how boppity-boppin' this all is~♪
Lisa: I-I'm not sure it'll be so easy...
Lisa: And I get the feeling that you probably shouldn't show this stuff to people...
Hina: Ah, someone's here! Welcome!
Lisa: Hm? I think I know this student...
Student: Good afternoon. I'm here from the student council. We heard the Astronomy Club would be holding an event, so I'm here to observe.
Hina: Oh, okay~! I've prepared lots of fun stuff! Please, take your time!
Kokoro: A whole lot of people will be here soon!
Student: Thank you. You sure have a lot of books on this desk...
Lisa: Uh oh! Not good!
Student: ...?
Lisa: Oh man, she is so confused...
Hina: Ehehe, well? Is it boppin'? This journal here is super interesting!
Lisa: Ah! Hina, wait!
