event64-06 Chapter 5: Just Like Back Then

Hina and Sayo advertise their stargazing event. Will people turn up...?

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Hina: Haneoka and Hanasakigawa's astronomy clubs will be holding a joint stargazing event~!
Kokoro: It's sure to be loads of fun! Join us if you like stars!
Sayo: We will be looking to observe constellations that winter is known for, like Orion and Canis Major. While we search, we hope to be able to convey what is so appealing about the stars.
Sayo: If you do end up participating, we'll be preparing everything you need, so please, do not worry about anything else besides whether or not you'd like to join.
Student A: Winter constellations, huh? That sounds pretty romantic.
Student B: Yeah, I think I'd be into that!
Hina & Kokoro: ...!
Hina: Kokoro-chan, did you hear that?!
Kokoro: Yeah, someone's interested!
Hina: I think this can actually go well...! Alrighty, let's get to work!
Kokoro: Roger!!
(Black cut)
Hina: Wowie! There were eight people who wanted to come!
Kokoro: A job well done! This event is gonna be great! There's no question about it!
Tsugumi: Congratulations, Hina-senpai!
Lisa: Sounds like you'll be able to have the event. Great! That's a start!
Sayo: It's a little too early to be celebrating. All we did was get people to join an event.
Sayo: You can't call it a success if the event itself doesn't go well.
Hina: Aww~! You're so harsh, Sis~!
Student: Excuse me, are you still accepting students for the stargazing event?
Hina: ...! Yay! Number nine!
Hina: Absolutely! You're just in time! Let's see, the event will be held on~... Wait, where are the flyers?
Sayo: Over here. I suppose I'll do the talking then.
Hina: Ehehe. Thanks, Sis.
Lisa: ...
Tsugumi: What happened, Lisa-senpai? You look so happy.
Lisa: Nothing~. I was just thinking about how Sayo has changed.
Lisa: When I first met her, I guess you could say she was hard to approach. Or like, she was always so tense and would fuss over little things, so she was hard to please.
Lisa: There was even that one time when she got mad at us and yelled that she's not part of a band so she can fool around.
Tsugumi: She did?
Tsugumi: Well actually, that does remind me that Sayo-san and Tomoe-chan did butt heads at first...
Tsugumi: Her expression is much kinder compared to the one she usually had on her face back then.
Lisa: Exactly! You see it too, right?
Lisa: So when I look at her and think about how she's changed, I get a little emotional.
Hina: Hm~. I don't think that's right.
Lisa: Huh? What's not right?
Hina: Sis has always been like that.
Hina: Like if I lost something or stained my clothes or something like that, she would always be there to help me out.
Lisa: Oh, really? Interesting...
Hina: Ah, I have another story.
Kokoro: Yeah?
Hina: When we were kids, we were reading a book, and something struck me as very weird.
Hina: It had a lot of animals, and it made me think, "How come the animals can talk?"
Tsugumi: Wow, Hina-senpai. You would be the one to realize that... I didn't doubt that kind of thing for a second...
Hina: It just didn't seem right to me. So I asked my sister about it, and she thought super hard. That's when she told me it's a world where animals can speak.
Lisa: Wow, so Sayo was pretty serious back then too.
Hina: Mhm, but then I told her that it never said anywhere in the book that it was a world where animals could speak, so she went back to thinking.
Tsugumi: What...?
Hina: And I kept asking, but I think I remember it reaching the point where she was crying while she tried to explain...
Lisa: So... Why did you share this story with us...?
Tsugumi: Uhhh, you're saying that ever since she was a kid, Sayo-san was a serious but caring older sister.
Hina: Right! She was sweet ever since we were little! She's always been the best sister!
Hina: It shows exactly what I love about her~!
Lisa: Fufu, Hina always seems to have so much fun talking about Sayo.
Kokoro: Yep! She's got on the loveliest smile!
Tsugumi: It must be nice to have a big sister. I'm a little jealous, being an only child and all.
Hina: Ehehe... Ah, she's calling me! I'll be right back!
