event64-01 Opening: Is this Bad?

Hina is enjoying her time in the astronomy club as usual. Suddenly, a message arrives that threatens her fun...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Astronomy Club]

Hina: Hmhmhmm~♪ Telescope goes here~, and books can go... here?
Hina: Ah, it's my former senpai's notebook. Ehehe, how fun.
Hina: "Original Astrology Research." What an interesting person.
Hina: And here we have all the secret stargazing spots for Haneoka~. Yet another weird senpai.
Hina: I may not have met them, but I can tell that the Astronomy Club had a lot of different kinds of people.
Hina: I know! Maybe I should make a notebook like this too! What would be the most boppin' thing to research?
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai!
Hina: Hm?
Tsugumi: ... Whoa! What happened to the room?!
Tsugumi: It's an absolute mess... Th-there wasn't a robbery, was there?!
Hina: Ahaha, no no no!
Hina: I didn't have anything to do, so I decided to clean up a bit.
Tsugumi: O-oh, okay. You really gave me a scare there... Ah!
Tsugumi: Forget about that right now! Something bad has happened!
Hina: Okay, okay, just relax. I'm all ears. Fire away.
Tsugumi: R-right. Earlier, the student council had a meeting, and it was decided that we'd be evaluating the state of each club...
Hina: What does that mean?
Tsugumi: Well, basically, we investigate whether or not each club is operating as they should.
Tsugumi: From what I understand, clubs that are found to be in violation of the rules will be up for disbandment...
Hina: Man~, disbandment? That's pretty strict.
Hina: I bet clubs that only meet once a week like the Culture Club are in big trouble~.
Tsugumi: This is not the time to be worrying about other people's clubs!
Tsugumi: The Astronomy Club in on the list for potential disbandments!
Hina: What!? Why?!
Hina: But I do so much astronomy-related stuff~. Is it 'cause I'm the only member?
Tsugumi: Oh, no, that's not it. As long as you're operating properly, it doesn't matter how many members you have.
Tsugumi: It has to do with the content of the reports you've been turning in...
Hina: Huh? But I make sure to write everything in my reports.
Tsugumi: W-well, sure, but they only say stuff like "today, I saw stars" and "the starry sky was totally boppin'," so...
Tsugumi: They were wondering if you were actually doing anything...
Hina: No fair~! I've been writing my reports and everything~! That's so mean~!
Tsugumi: I-I'm sorry...
Tsugumi: I told them you were doing club activities, but the upperclassmen have their doubts...
Hina: Oh, no, don't worry. It's not your fault.
Tsugumi: Uhhh, so do you have anything saved in your records?
Tsugumi: If you have the dates and times recorded for when you went stargazing or if you have pictures, that should be enough to convince them that you're carrying out club activities!
Hina: Hmmm~... I don't have anything like that, nope.
Hina: I pretty much remember everything, even without writing it down, and when you're watching stars, you wanna focus on that, you know~?
Tsugumi: I-I see... Hm~, what can we do...?
Hina: Welp, it'll probably turn out fine! No biggie!
Tsugumi: ...
Hina: ... Wait, Tsugu-chan?
Hina: Are you telling me... my club is in serious trouble...?
