event64-05 Chapter 4: A Big Sister's Advice

Hina's event ends unsuccessfully. As she and the others reflect, Sayo gives them some advice...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Sayo: Sigh... Hazawa-san, could you bring me another coffee, please?
Tsugumi: Huh? But that's your third one... Are you okay? You don't look so good...
Sayo: Yes, I'm fine. I just cannot seem to figure out what the sentences in this notebook are supposed to mean...
Tsugumi: What notebook? Oh, this is... one of the Astronomy Club journals?
Sayo: Correct. I borrowed it from Hina. I'm told that all of it was written by a former member of the club.
Sayo: She was quite intrigued while reading it, but it's unclear to me what exactly resonated with her.
Tsugumi: Let's see... "December 15th. It's raining today, so I drew stars on the blackboard and did some stargazing! You wouldn't believe how realistic it felt!"
Tsugumi: Th-this person does seem to be somewhat strange...
Sayo: Right. Too strange. Just reading this is exhausting...
Tsugumi: A-ahaha... But you're being a kind big sister, Sayo-san.
Sayo: Hm? How so, exactly?
Tsugumi: Think about it. You're reading that to better understand Hina-senpai... Aren't you?
Tsugumi: You're trying to the point where you don't even feel well. That's impressive!
Sayo: I-I wouldn't say that...
Sayo: I just don't like leaving things as they are when I don't understand them.
Tsugumi: Oh... So that's what's going on.
Tsugumi: Welcome to Hazawa Coffee! Ah, Lisa-senpai!
Tsugumi: ... Hina-senpai and Kokoro-chan are with you too?
Hina: Sigh... Heyya, Tsugu-chan.
Sayo: ...? You don't seem very happy.
Hina: Oh, Sis. You're here too...
Hina: Wait, what's that you got there...?
Sayo: ...! Nothing! It's nothing!
Tsugumi: That's right, you said you guys were gonna have an event today. It's still kind of early. Is it over already?
Hina: It's not over... It never started...
Kokoro: Yeah. No one came. Weird, isn't it?
Tsugumi: What...?
Lisa: Yeah, so we're here to figure out what went wrong.
Hina: I really think if people could just see everything our senpai left behind, they would get what the club is about~...
Sayo: So this notebook is...? Hold on, what type of event was it?
Hina: Well, it was...
(Black cut)
Sayo: ... That brings me up to speed.
Sayo: You hoped to present what kind of club activities your astronomy club takes part in, but no one came.
Sayo: To make matters worse, you showed the student-council member one of the notebooks and left them with an impression that's more negative than before.
Hina: Judging from her face, she was either unhappy or confused when she left.
Kokoro: But we don't know if she thinks worse of the club. She never said anything like that.
Lisa: A-ahaha~... Well, at the very least, I don't think it was a good impression...
Sayo: I thought you'd be able to do better, but I can't say I'm surprised, given your track record.
Sayo: I completely understand that you're enamored by all the stuff that's been left behind by the members of the club.
Sayo: But introducing those things to people is not what will keep your club from being disbanded.
Hina: Ngh...
Sayo: Astronomy clubs are supposed to carry out activities related to celestial events, correct?
Sayo: You may be able to do what you want as an individual, but if you want others to understand your group, then as a club, you need to be observing those events and have a focus on related research.
Sayo: You were supposed to communicate what's appealing about stars and space and talk about the value of observing those things.
Hina: Huh? That's what I needed to do~?
Sayo: Sigh... Isn't it obvious? Who would want to go to an event where you show them that your club used to have interesting people?!
Hina: Ohhh. Okay, I understand... It's just... stars and space are interesting and all, but I think the former members and their charm is something that only my club has...
Tsugumi: A-ahaha. Your interests are very unique, Hina-senpai...
Hina: Okay then, it's time to have an event where I show everyone how great stars and outer space are!
Hina: What would be best~? It's gotta be about all that stuff in the sky, right~? I guess that means stargazing?
Kokoro: What do you think of having a campfire under the stars?!
Kokoro: If we had everyone do some singing and dancing, I'm sure it'd be a blast!
Hina: Yeah, awesome! Let's do that! That sounds great~!
Sayo: You've gone off-track once again. None of the books said anything about that kind of stargazing activity.
Hina: Books...?
Sayo: N-never mind that... If you don't convey what's interesting about looking at stars in the first place, then there's no point.
Sayo: For example, you could share some of the constellations that are representative of winter and focus on finding them as a group.
Sayo: You can talk about the stars as you all look up at the night sky... I am sure there will be people interested in that...
Kokoro & Hina: ...!
Sayo: Wh-what?
Hina: Sis, have you been thinking about this for me? Is that what the books were for? To learn about stargazing?
Kokoro: That's wonderful, Sayo! Tell us more! I wanna know how to have an event that'll make people smile!
Sayo: U-uhhh, well...
Tsugumi: ... Sayo-san sure was worried about Hina-senpai.
Lisa: Fufu, that's what it sounds like to me. And there she was, saying she wouldn't butt in.
