event64-03 Chapter 2: The Other Astronomy Club

Sayo is concerned for her sister and goes to a certain someone for help...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Rinko: Here you are. These are the books you were asking about.
Sayo: Thank you. Sorry you had to spend your time looking for them.
Rinko: It's no problem... That's what library workers do... If you ever need a book... let me know...
Rinko: Why... do you need... so many star-related books though...?
Sayo: Well, actually...
(Black cut)
Rinko: Oh... I see...
Sayo: That's why I asked you to look. I suggested that she carry out club activities, but I was unsure what an astronomy-club activity looks like.
Sayo: I figured it'd be better to have a grasp of the topic, just in case.
Rinko: Fufu, that seems like something you would do...
Sayo: ... So, which book would be appropriate for learning about the necessary preparations for stargazing?
Rinko: I would recommend this book... for that... This one goes into... a lot of detail... about stars...
Rinko: There are tips... on how to find them... and passages... about the origins of each constellation... And the pictures... make everything easy to understand...
Sayo: There are sections for seasonal constellations as well. It would seem that the Orion, the Canis Major and the Gemini are representative of the season we're currently in.
Kokoro: ...
Sayo & Rinko: ...?!
Sayo: C-can we help you, Tsurumaki-san...?
Kokoro: You're reading a book about stars! That means you like them! I love them too!
Sayo: That reminds me, you're in the astronomy club here...
Kokoro: Since you like stars, we should look at them together sometime! I can't tell you how amazing it feels to gaze at a star-filled sky!
Rinko: Uhhh, uhm... I... Well...
Sayo: This is unrelated to our interests. We have a different reason for reading these.
(Black cut)
Sayo: ... That's what's really going on.
Kokoro: Oh, cool! An event to show everyone how fun it is to be in an astronomy club sounds awesome!
Kokoro: Hey, Sayo! I wanna join Hina so we can do it together!
Sayo: You? And Hina? Together...?
Rinko: Th-that sounds... like it'll be quite the event...
Sayo: (But a collaboration between schools would mean interaction between the students.)
Sayo: (That's perfect for receiving a favorable evaluation.)
Sayo: ...? What happened to Tsurumaki-san?
Rinko: She... ran off... She was going pretty fast too...
Sayo: O-oh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Lisa: An event to spread the word about the Astronomy Club? Interesting~.
Tsugumi: I think that's a great idea! I'm sure it'll leave a good impression on the student council!
Sayo: Correct. But that's assuming everything goes well...
Lisa: Ahaha, sounds like you're worried.
Sayo: Hina tends to be off the mark with a lot of things... And I wouldn't describe Tsurumaki-san as having the level of intuition that your average person has. Would you?
Tsugumi: She's certainly unique, that's for sure.
Lisa: I mean, yeah, you could put it that way. That could be a pair to worry about.
Sayo: I hope they don't get off track... Think it'll be alright?
Hina: Oh? Sis? It's like a party in here!
Sayo: Hina? And you're with Tsurumaki-san...?
Hina: We came so we can talk about our astronomy-club meeting!
Sayo: So you two did end up working together...
Hina: Mhm! I bet it's gonna be a boppin' event♪
Hina: And it's all thanks to you telling Kokoro-chan about it! Thank you so much!
Sayo: That wasn't my intention...
Hina: Ahaha, sure, sure! Ah, Tsugu-chan. Can we sit at that table?
Tsugumi: Please do! I'll bring you both water!
Hina: Alrighty, Kokoro-chan! Let's figure out what we're gonna do!
Kokoro: Yeah! Let's make it one with lots of smiles!
Hina: Awesome idea! Oh, I actually do have one thing I'm thinking we could do... Whisper, whisper...
Kokoro: Oh, mhm... In that case... Whisper, whisper... What do you think?!
Sayo: ...
Sayo: (What could they possibly be talking about...?)
Lisa: Fufu, interested in what's going on over at that table? You could just join their talk if you're that worried, you know.
Sayo: ... I will most certainly not. If I stick my nose in too often, none of this will benefit Hina.
Lisa: Ahaha, you might be right. You really do have that teacher side to you, Sayo.
Sayo: That's inaccurate. I'm simply stating the obvious.
