event64-07 Ending: Gazing Up at the Starry Sky

The night of Haneoka and Hanasakigawa's stargazing event has come. Everyone gathers for a night of fun under the cold winter sky...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[Day of the Stargazing Event]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Hina: Look, see those three stars lined up there?
Hina: Those belong to the famous Orion! It'll help you search for constellations in the winter, so make sure to remember it!
Kasumi & Ako: Okay!
Tomoe: That reminds me, Ako. Didn't you say you wanted to ask something when we got here?
Ako: Mhm! Hina-chin! I've got a question! Which star would you say... is brimming with the most darkness in all of outer space?
Hina: Darkness? You mean like the dark nebula in Orion?
Ako: Whoa! What?! That's so cool! Tell me more!
Tsugumi: Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves.
Sayo: Indeed. And counting the students from each school, there are twenty. That's more than enough to make this gathering worthy of being called an event.
Sayo: I must thank you two for your help. I really appreciate it.
Tsugumi: Oh, no no, you don't have to thank us!
Lisa: That's right! Hina's my classmate! If there was anything I could help with, I wanted to lend her a hand!
Hina: Listen up, everyone!
Lisa: What's up?
Hina: A few people from the student council came by!
Hina: They said they wanted to see how the event was going, and they seemed pleased!
Hina: They said my explanation about the stars was good, and that everything was clearly going well because people are having fun!
Hina: The Astronomy Club won't be disbanded!
Sayo: I see...
Lisa: Wow, awesome!
Tsugumi: That's great news, Hina-senpai!
Hina: Thanks so much, you guys! Now I can keep that interesting little room~!
Tsugumi: Fufu, you really love that room, don't you, Hina-senpai?
Hina: Of course I do! That's the most boppin' place in the whole school in my opinion!
Lisa: Now that the issues are out of the way, maybe I'll enjoy a bit of stargazing myself.
Tsugumi: Yeah. I wanna use the telescope to look at the moon.
Kokoro: And I'll tell you everything I know! Come! Let's look together!
Hina: Yeah, you too, Sis! Let's look at the stars together! I'll tell you all about them!
Sayo: ... I suppose I should. The floor is yours.
(Black cut)
Hina: Thank you, Sis. If it wasn't for you, I might have lost the Astronomy Club.
Sayo: I'm glad that you'll be able to keep it. However, you need to keep on top of things so that nothing like this happens again.
Hina: Ehehe, I'll be careful~!
Hina: It was a wild ride, but the club lives on, and everyone gets to look at the stars together! It's boppity-boppin'! ... Ah, there is one thing that's a little disappointing.
Sayo: Is there a problem?
Hina: I wouldn't call it that, but I didn't get anyone to say that they think my senpai's notebooks are interesting.
Sayo: I don't think anyone will ever feel the same way about those things as you.
Hina: Aw man~...
Sayo: Even so, it's possible to reach a level of understanding regarding them.
Sayo: The truth is... I've been constantly reading that notebook since I borrowed it from you. It paid off. I think I understand why you find it so interesting.
Hina: You do?!
Sayo: The writer of this book has implemented a style of writing that's very kind and inviting, making it easy to like, correct? That's the part that caught your attention, right...?
Hina: Hm~, nah. That's not really that interesting.
Sayo: O-oh... I was wrong then.
Hina: Fufu, still... Thank you, Sis!
Sayo: ...? I haven't done anything to receive your gratitude.
Hina: You have. It doesn't matter if you understood. I'm just happy you tried so hard to!
Sayo: ...
Hina: But you actually found that part interesting, huh? I would say I'm the opposite. I don't get why you would think that...
Hina: If only we were on the same page. That would be a lot more fun. But I'm not you, so... Guess there's not much we can do about it.
Sayo: Hina...
Sayo: You know we don't have to feel the same about everything, right?
Hina: Huh?
(Black cut)
Sayo: That star next to Orion. That one's part of the Gemini constellation, correct?
Hina: Yeah...?
Sayo: I did a small amount of research before coming here... Apparently, the siblings of that constellation each have a different sparkle.
Sayo: Castor is blue and white. Pollux is orange. They're just like us. We're twins, but the way we shine is not the same.
(Black cut)
Sayo: But that's fine. We should all be brilliant in our own way.
Hina: Sis...
Sayo: The way they do it may differ, but both these stars still shine... We may not empathize with each other, but we can understand one another.
Hina: Yeah... That's right! I think what you said is spot on!
Hina: And the reason you're able to help me so often, just like this time around, is that we're different! I feel like it's actually better that we're not the same!
Sayo: That's not exactly what I meant... Sigh, people like you can't ever do anything on their own, can they?
Hina: Ehehe...
