event208-03 Chapter 2: Ferris Wheel Talk

Misaki finds herself alone with Nicolina and has a heart-to-heart.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Hagumi: Phew! That was fun, wasn't it?! Nico-rin!
Nicolina: Yes! I enjoyed the roller coaster very much!
Nicolina: If it wouldn't be a bother, I would like to go again, please!
Misaki: Seriously? We've ridden it three times in a row already... I don't know if I'm gonna make it. My head's spinning...
Nicolina: In that case... Ah, then what about that over there?
Kanon: There? ... Oh, the Ferris wheel?
Nicolina: Yes! I'd like a view of the park from above, so that I may see all of the decorations you prepared for me at once!
Kokoro: Okay then! Let's go!
Kaoru: I-I'm afraid I must decline your generous invitation, ladies... Please, do enjoy the scenery without me.
Misaki: Even with Kaoru-san out, I still don't think all five of us are going to fit in one car...
Hagumi: Then we can play rock-paper-scissors and split into two groups! Ready? Leeet's spliiit up~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Just me and a princess together in a Ferris wheel cart... I'm getting kind of nervous...
Nicolina: Fufufu. Please, don't mind me. My goodness, what a beautiful view... You can even see outside the park!
Misaki: Ah, that spot over there's where we're going to be playing tonight. We really pulled out all the stops, so look forward to it.
Nicolina: I never imagined that you would go to such lengths to prepare such an extravagant party for me. Thank you so very much.
Misaki: Yeah, I'm guessing Kokoro's probably the only person who'd think of reserving an entire theme park for a party...
Nicolina: This may be my last day in Japan, but it has been the best day ever. I'm sure that even after we say goodbye, I'll be smiling all the way home.
Nicolina: Fufu. I must admit, however, I'm a little jealous that you all get to be together all the time.
Misaki: All the time...
Nicolina: ...
Misaki: ... Nicolina-san? What's wrong?
Nicolina: Um... Pardon me if I'm mistaken, but... is there something bothering you, Misaki-san?
Misaki: Huh...?
Misaki: ... Was it showing on my face?
Nicolina: No, it wasn't, but... I had a feeling, all the same...
Misaki: I see. I guess I'd expect nothing less from a princess who meets with all sorts of people.
Nicolina: Oh no, I've still much to learn myself... But if you wish to talk, I am more than willing to listen.
Misaki: Th-thank you...
Misaki: ... Kaoru-san's going to be studying abroad after graduation. I just found out recently...
Misaki: And if she's overseas, that means we're not going to be able to see each other as often, right? It's just so sad to think about, and... honestly, I don't want her to go...
Misaki: But I can't say that to her... She's been so excited about the whole thing...
Misaki: I'm just being selfish...
Nicolina: I see...
Nicolina: ... Wouldn't it be okay just to say it, though?
Misaki: What?
Nicolina: Back when you all had come to Happinelle, I was once told this.
Nicolina: If you are unable to smile, then you cannot make others smile.
Nicolina: So perhaps it might be a bit unreasonable to expect you to be able to wish for Kaoru to smile when you yourself cannot.
Misaki: Because... I can't smile...
Nicolina: I'm sure that it is because you care for Kaoru-san so much that you feel you shouldn't complain.
Nicolina: But I believe that she would be much happier if you were honest with her about your feelings.
Misaki: You... think so...?
Nicolina: Yes, I do.
Nicolina: Ah, I have an idea. Please hold out your hand, Misaki-san.
Misaki: Huh? Sure...
Nicolina: The courage that Hello, Happy World! lent me on that day... I now return to you, Misaki-san.
Nicolina: I don't need to rely on it anymore.
Misaki: ... Okay. Thank you, Nicolina-san.
