event208-02 Chapter 1: A Farewell Party?!

Preparations for Nicolina's party are going well, but Misaki seems preoccupied.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Kokoro: Look, everyone! That shiny, sparkly merry-go-round is even more sparkly now thanks to everyone's decorations!
Kokoro: Let's go over that way next! We're going to turn this park into a super-duper fun party zone!
Hagumi: Yeah! And with a party this fun, I bet Nico-rin's going to love it for sure!
Kaoru: Yes, I heartily agree. Hm? Are you in need of assistance, Misaki? Let me take half of your burden.
Misaki: Nah, I'm good. Take care of your own stuff, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: ... Is something amiss, Misaki? Your attitude could only be described as rather cold today.
Misaki: You're the one being cold. Why didn't you tell me about something as important as that?
Kaoru: As what?
Misaki: Stop playing dumb. The whole studying abroad thing, obviously. I mean, graduation's right around the corner.
Misaki: And you think you can drop a bomb on me just like that...? You could have at least asked me about it or something...
Kaoru: I see. So that is the reason for your sulking.
Misaki: I'm not sulking. What did everyone else say when they found out?
Kaoru: They wholeheartedly supported me, of course. Which is why I cannot afford to betray their expectations.
Misaki: I-I see...
Misaki: (Which means... I'm the only one who's being a baby about this. Well, there's no point in complaining about it forever, I suppose.)
Misaki: Got it. In that case, let's make sure we make as many good memories at this party as possible. Before your study abroad program starts...
Kaoru: Misaki... What a fleeting little kitten you are...!
Kaoru: Indeed. Let us craft memories so powerful that they shall be etched into our hearts for all eternity.
Kaoru: For me... and for Nicolina as well, of course.
Misaki: ... Yeah. Right.
Kaoru: Fufu. Well then, let us continue with the preparations, shall we?
Misaki: ...
Kanon: Misaki-chan...?
Misaki: Oh. What is it, Kanon-san?
Kanon: You were taking a long time to come back, so I was wondering if something happened. What were you talking with Kaoru-san about?
Misaki: Ah, uh... We were just, talking about post-graduation plans.
Misaki: Oh yeah, that reminds me. Congratulations again on passing your entrance exams.
Misaki: Starting spring, you're going to be a college student, huh?
Kanon: Fufu, thank you. I'm actually thinking about moving out and sharing a place with a friend, you know. Once I'm all settled in, you should come over.
Misaki: What? You...? Share a place...?
Kanon: Yeah. With Chisato-chan... Is it really that surprising? I guess I don't really seem like the type, huh...?
Misaki: N-no, that's not what I mean, it's just... How do I put it...
Misaki: I guess a lot really does change for people after they graduate...
Kanon: Misaki-chan...?
Misaki: Ahaha, sorry. I know I'm being weird.
Misaki: C'mon, let's go. Kokoro and the others are already hard at work getting everything set up.
Kanon: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

Nicolina: Oh, my...!
Nicolina: Did you really put up all these decorations yourselves...?!
Kokoro: You bet we did! It's your welcome party, after all!
Hagumi: You've been working super hard all the way up until yesterday, right?! I saw on the news!
Kaoru: Yes... This party is in celebration of your arrival, of your accomplishments, and to bid you farewell as you leave on the morrow... In essence, it is... but that.
Kanon: The plan is to have fun here at the park during the day, and then when night falls, we're going to have a concert.
Nicolina: All of you... You would do so much for me...?
Nicolina: Just the chance to meet you all once again was already enough to bring me such joy, and now this... I'm sure once I tell Father, he will have wished he'd come as well.
Hagumi: Father...? You mean Smiley Nick?!
Nicolina: Yes. Father has become quite a dedicated fan of yours ever since your visit. He's always listening to your music.
Nicolina: Which reminds me, you all performed a show online the other day, did you not? Father told me about it.
Misaki: A show online? You mean the Hello, Happy Channel?
Kaoru: Fufu. The day when we may be able to bring smiles to faces the world over might be closer than we expect.
Kokoro: You're right! And we'll start with bringing a great big smile to Nicolina today!
Misaki: (She's right... I'm still not over the whole thing with Kaoru-san yet, but today's about making sure Nicolina has fun...)
Nicolina: ... Fufu.
Nicolina: It seems I'll have one more story to tell everyone once I've returned home.
Nicolina: I cannot wait to hear you all perform again.
Kokoro: We'll make sure it's the best concert ever!
Kokoro: So please take all the happiness you feel today and bring it back to your country to share with everyone there, too!
Nicolina: I will!
Kaoru: Ah, but how quickly does the passage of time pass with idle banter. As much as I enjoy conversing with you all, I must remind you that our time today is limited.
Hagumi: You're right! Okay, Nico-rin! What do you wanna ride first?!
Nicolina: Then if I may, I would love to begin with some of your recommendations...!
