event208-04 Chapter 3: Past and Future Smiles

The time for the show approaches. Nicolina shares her thoughts.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kokoro: Oh, my! Look, Kanon! You can see Hanasakigawa River over there!
Kanon: Wow, you're right. The light reflecting off the water is so pretty.
Hagumi: I can see Kaoru-kun below us! Heeey~!
Kanon: Ah, she's waving back.
Hagumi: Let's all wave at Mii-kun's car, too! Heeey~!
Kanon: Oh, she noticed. Fufu, it looks like they're having a lot of fun. I wonder what they're talking about.
Kanon: ... Misaki-chan...
Kokoro: ... Kanon? What's wrong?
Kanon: Ah, um... So...
Kanon: ... Misaki-chan, she's... I get this feeling she's got something on her mind...
Kanon: So I was thinking, maybe she's been thinking about post-graduation.
Hagumi: Post-graduation...?
Kanon: How after we graduate, things are going to change... What's going to happen to Hello, Happy World!...
Kokoro: What are you talking about? Hello, Happy World! is Hello, Happy World!. We're not going to change just because you and Kaoru graduate.
Kanon: Yeah, that's how I feel, too. It's just... it feels like Misaki-chan's been acting kind of weird lately... Am I overthinking things?
Kokoro: Hm~... In that case, you should just ask her yourself!
Kanon: What?
Kokoro: If you think that somebody might be worrying about something, you shouldn't worry about them being worried. You should just go and talk to them.
Hagumi: I think so, too! And if both of you end up worrying to yourselves, that'd just make both of you feel bad!
Hagumi: So the best way to solve that is to just go ahead and say what you want to say!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan.... Hagumi-chan...
Kokoro: Now that that's settled, let's go talk to her as soon as we get off! I'll go with you!
Kanon: ... No, I can handle it on my own. I'd rather let you two focus on our concert tonight.
Hagumi: Are you going to be alright, Kano-chan-senpai?
Kanon: Don't worry. I'll be fine. Me, and Misaki-chan, too...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: Ah! Mii-kun and Nico-rin got off the Ferris wheel!
Kaoru: Welcome back, my friends. Was the exquisite scenery to your liking?
Nicolina: Yes! We had a wonderful view of the whole park!
Misaki: It was my first time riding that thing, but it wasn't bad, actually.
Kokoro: Right! We should mix up the groups and go again!
Misaki: Haha, I wonder how many times we'll end up going up in the end...
Nicolina: ... Misaki-san.
Misaki: Yes?
Nicolina: Don't worry. Things will work out just fine, I'm sure of it.
Misaki: Nicolina-san...
Misaki: (I bet not many people can say they've gotten encouraged by a princess.)
Kanon: Ah... It's almost time for the concert.
Kaoru: Indeed. Let us move towards the stage, where we shall draw the day's festivities to a close.
Hagumi: This way, Nico-rin!
Nicolina: Okay! ... Um, but before that, may I have a moment, please?
Kokoro: Oh! What is it?
Nicolina: ... I would like to thank you all once again for today. No, not just today, but for coming to Happinelle, as well.
Nicolina: It was thanks to all of you that I was able to gain courage. Courage that I used to take a step forward and discover how bright and beautiful the world is...
Nicolina: Ever since that day, each and every day after has been full of smiles.
Nicolina: So it was not just that day, but every day up until now that you've gifted me with joy.
Nicolina: You have filled my world with smiles.
Nicolina: ... And for that, I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Kokoro & Hagumi & Kaoru & Misaki & Kanon: ...
Nicolina: I'm sorry, we were on our way to the concert stage, weren't we? I can't wait to see the best show of my life!
Kokoro: You bet! We'll make sure our concert puts an even bigger smile on your face than ever before!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land - Staff Room]

Misaki: (I've got to do my best for Nicolina's sake...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Nicolina: The courage that Hello, Happy World! lent me on that day... I now return to you, Misaki-san.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Misaki: (... Once we're done with the show... It's my turn...)
