event208-01 Opening: The Day That Will Someday Come

Misaki arrives at Kokoro's place. There, instead of Kanon, she finds...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Misaki: Kokoro~? Where are you~?
Misaki: Ugh, weren't you the one who called and told me, "Come over right now!" ...?
Misaki: I bet she's probably thought up another one of her crazy ideas again...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: ... Ah, Kanon-san. You got here before me, huh? Good morning.
Newscaster: ... We're now back with more news. This morning...
Misaki: Oh, are you watching TV? That's unusual. Has something interesting happene-...
Kanon？: Good morning, Misaki-san.
Misaki: ... Misaki... "-san"?
Misaki: Huh? What's going on, Kanon-san? You don't seem like yourself...
???: Yes. Because I am not Kanon-san.
Misaki: What...?
Kanon: Ah, Misaki-chan's here, too. Good morning, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: T-two Kanon-sans... Nah, there's no way. Which must mean...
(Black cut)
Nicolina: It is a pleasure to see you all once again, my friends. I still am quite grateful for all that you did during your stay in my kingdom.
Kokoro: Mmm~! That was sooo much fun!
Hagumi: Nico-rin! We haven't seen you since we went to Happinelle!
Kanon: How are you doing? Are you getting along with your friends?
Nicolina: Yes, I am. To be honest, I would have liked to have them come with me, but...
Kaoru: Ahhh... The fleeting memories of those days are etched forever in my heart...
Nicolina: I've come to Japan this time as part of my official duties, and I simply had to insist that I be given leave to see you all.
Misaki: We've got the princess of a kingdom here with us at our Hello, Happy World! Meeting... Now this is a sight.
Kanon: It doesn't happen very often, does it?
Misaki: No, it doesn't happen ever...
Hagumi: How long are you going to be here, Nico-rin?! Wanna play together?!
Nicolina: I'm sorry. I'm here on official business, so I have work to take care of right after this.
Hagumi: Oh, I see... You're really busy.
Nicolina: However, I've managed to make some free time for myself after my duties are concluded on the day before I leave Japan.
Nicolina: So if it wouldn't be a bother, I was thinking I might be able to spend that time together with you all.
Kokoro: Of course! We'd love to!
Kaoru: Indeed. Let us while away some wonderfully fleeting moments together.
Nicolina: Thank you so much! I'm very much looking forward to it. And I feel much more motivated to apply myself to my work, as well.
Nicolina: Speaking of which, I should be going now. If you'll excuse me.
Kokoro: Okay! Have fun~!
Kokoro: Alright, let's get our Hello, Happy World! Meeting started! The theme of this meeting is, "Thinking of what we can do to give Nicolina the biggest smile ever!"
Hagumi: I've got an idea~! What if we went on a Smile Patrol downtown?
Kokoro: That's really good, Hagumi! Great idea!
Kaoru: Then what, pray tell, would you say of this suggestion: Through the power of theater, we perform an epic for Nicolina the likes of which she will never forget.
Kokoro: That's a great idea, too! Mmm~, there's so much we could do, we won't be able to fit it all in one day!
Kokoro: ... Oh, I've got it! Let's all go to an amusement park!
Misaki: Amusement park? Are you talking about Smile Land?
Kokoro: Right! I know that place would be great for having fun! And at the end of the day, we can all play a concert together!
Kokoro: It'll be a Hello, Happy World! Smile Land Party!
Hagumi: Wow! Count me in!
Kaoru: And I as well, of course. Let us craft new memories with Nicolina in the place where we've already made countless more.
Misaki: Kaoru-san, I get that you're down and all, but are you going to be okay with your exams...? Kanon-san's already been accepted, so she's fine, but...
Kaoru: Fufu. There's nothing that could be more important to me than bringing smiles to the faces of kittens before me.
Misaki: (Is she really going to be okay...? Well, I guess if she says so, then she'll probably be fine.)
Kokoro: It's settled, then! I'll go ask Smile Land if they can get some decorations ready to welcome Nicolina to the park!
Kokoro: Okay, everyone~! The Great Nicolina Welcome Party Plan starts now!
Hagumi & Kanon & Kaoru & Misaki: Yeah~!!
Kaoru: A party at Smile Land... Fufu... I must make sure this occasion is as fleeting as humanly possible.
Misaki: Hm? What's up, Kaoru-san? You seem awfully fired up.
Kaoru: Of course. This shall most likely be the last party I shall be able to participate in while I am still in Japan, after all.
Misaki: Huh? What's that supposed to mean? While you're still in Japan? That makes it sound like you're planning on leaving the country.
Misaki: Don't you mean, "While Nicolina's still in Japan?"
Kaoru: Oh...? Misaki, did I not inform you?
Kaoru: Following my graduation, I shall be travelling overseas to participate in a study abroad program.
Kaoru: Which means that this party shall most likely be my last while I am in Japan.
Misaki: ... What? Kaoru-san, you're...
Misaki: Studying... abroad?
