event138-06 Chapter 5: Starting from Scratch

Ran heads back to Toko's house to apologize. However, what will Toko do...?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Toko Kirigaya)

[Kimono Shop]

Ran: ... Okay. I'm going in.
Ran: Toko, you there? About before... Sorry for running off like tha-...
Eve: Ran-san! Rimi-san!
Ran: Eve! What are you doing here?
Chisato: We were curious as to how the plans for your corner were going, so we thought we'd pop by for a visit. Then we heard you had left...
Toko: Oh man, I'm super sorry! I totally wasn't listening to you at all! I've learned my lesson, I promise!
Ran: Well, as long as you understa-... What's with that apology?
Ran: Honestly, this feels a bit anti-climatic... What's going on here? What happened?
Toko: When Chisato-san and Eve-san were talking to me, I realized that I had no idea what you were thinking at all.
Toko: And it didn't seem like I got even close to making you understand how I wanted our corner to be fun for anyone, even people not interested in flowers.
Toko: So basically, the reason I wanna use flashy kimonos is-
Ran: That's enough.
Toko: Huh?
Eve: Ran-san... You...
Ran: You don't have to explain yourself anymore. I didn't do a good job getting my ideas across, either.
Toko: ... So then...!
Ran: To me, what makes flower arrangement so great is that sense of peace you get while you're doing it.
Ran: So I guess... I just didn't want to lose that. I wanted people to appreciate that part of flower arranging, too.
Ran: Yeah, I bet that pulling people in with fun stuff might be easier, but what happens when they actually try it for real and decide that it's not for them? I don't want that... Wait, are you listening?
Toko: Of course I am! I'm super listening!
Toko: Jeez, I didn't think you were thinking about it so deep. Yeah, giving people the wrong impression would be pretty bad.
Toko: I get it now. So you're thinking about past the event, huh~? I'm kind of shocked at myself. How did I not notice?
Toko: You actually care about stuff like that! That's kind of surprising!
Ran: Whoa, what's that supposed to mean?
Toko: During your concerts, you've always got this energy that makes you seem like the boss, you know? So I wasn't expecting you to care about the little details like that.
Chisato: Fufu, she has a point. Onstage Ran-chan is a little different from the normal Ran-chan we know.
Ran: Th-that's... Come on, we don't have to talk about that now...
Ran: ... Toko, I think I understand what you're trying to say. No matter how good a show we put on, if no one comes to see our corner, there's no point, right? ... And yeah, I can see that.
Ran: So that's why I'd like us to find a way both of our viewpoints can be represented.
Ran: Besides, there's no way that we'd be able to impress anyone with a show that neither of us are satisfied with.
Toko: Well... Yeah, I guess...
Toko: Then how about we get started right now? Let's talk things out! And this time there will be no holding back! Say whatever's on your mind!
Ran: While that sounds nice and all, don't you think we should slow down a bit?
Rimi: But don't you think this is a good opportunity?
Ran: Rimi, you too...? Well, whatever.
Ran: ... The theme I had in mind was "Turning an ordinary place into a special one."
Ran: Just by adding some flowers, you can totally transform the atmosphere of a room. They add a sense of calm and security, don't you think?
Toko: Ah, yeah, I get you. It's like we're playing spot the difference, right?
Ran: No, that's not it at all.
Toko: What? Then what do you mean?
Ran: What's so hard to understand about this...? Toko, you've got a place that you're really used to that doesn't change much, don't you? Like your room or something.
Ran: When it's your birthday, don't you decorate a little?
Toko: Decorate... a place I'm used to...? Oh! I get it! Like how you can customize your order when you go to a café!
Toko: It's like when you ask for extra whipped cream or a flavored syrup!
Ran: That's not really what I-... Sigh. Well, it's not like you're totally wrong, I guess. Sure. We'll go with that.
Toko: I knew I could do it! I really am a genius!
Toko: Ever since I was little, I've always been good at feeling this stuff out, you know~. I might not totally understand something, but I'll still get it on some level!
Toko: One time when I was little, another kid and I were trying to decide between a cat and a dog plushie, but that kid didn't say which one they wanted.
Toko: Still, I could tell that she liked dogs, so I told her to take the dog one. Once I said that, she was so happy that she started crying~.
Ran: ... ! Hold on, why is that all you remember?
Ran: And that's not even right. I wasn't crying because I was happy, I was crying because I wanted the cat, and you made me take the dog...
Toko: Wait, that was you?!
Toko: Seriously?! I'm sorry! It completely slipped my mind... Wait, that wasn't you crying tears of joy?
Rimi: So that's what you meant when you said you didn't have any good memories...
Eve: Should we pretend that we did not hear anything...?
Ran: ...! Argh~, you...! Fine. I don't care. Just... don't tell anyone else, okay?
Toko: Whoa, Ran-san, your face is all red!
Ran: And whose fault do you think that is?
Ran: How laid-back can one person get...? Sigh. This is reminding me of how I feel when I talk with Moca.
Eve: Fufu, but this means the problem has been solved, right?!
Chisato: Right. For the sake of our neutrality as reporters, I think it'd be best if we didn't get any more involved than we have already.
Chisato: But I will say... I've got great expectations for your show. Do your best, you two.
Toko: It's in the bag! Prepare for us to blow those expectations of yours outta the water!
Ran: You're just saying things again... Alright, we're going to get down to business and make sure this is a corner that'll satisfy everyone, got it?
Toko: Got it! This corner's gonna be the star of the entire event!
Ran: I really wonder how much you actually understood me...
Eve, Chisato & Rimi: Fufufu.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
