event138-05 Chapter 4: Realizations

Nothing is going as planned, and Ran is getting impatient. Will Rimi's advice help...?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake)

[Riverside]

Ran: How did things end up like this...?
Ran: (I went there to apologize and I ended up running away instead... But I'm still not wearing those gaudy kimonos.)
Ran: And it doesn't seem like she's listening to a word I say anyway. Sigh...
Rimi: Huh? Is that you, Ran-chan...?
Ran: Oh, Rimi. Did you just come back from something?
Rimi: I was out shopping with some friends. What about you? Did you just finish practice?
Ran: I... I'm on my way home from Toko's place.
Ran: ... To tell you the truth, I kind of stormed out of her place yesterday without listening to her, so I wanted to apologize, but...
Rimi: But...?
Ran: ... It was a total bust. I ended up just walking out again.
Ran: I wanted to have a proper talk about the event, but the only thing Toko is focusing on is how flashy and exciting she wants to make things.
Ran: It doesn't seem like she understands anything about flowers, either. All she cares about is what she's in the mood for...
Rimi: Do you really think that's true?
Ran: What do you mean...?
Rimi: Oh, I'm sorry, I know that was kind of sudden! I just mean... Ran-chan, have you looked at Toko-chan's social media pages?
Ran: No, I haven't.
Rimi: She's been really amazing lately. Every day, she just keeps posting and posting... Look!
Ran: ... This is a magazine about flower arrangement...! And it's the issue that they printed one of my arrangements in...
Ran: That was so long ago, though. Did she actually take the time to find this? This is a link to an article about it... Wow, the page is still up.
Ran: "Can you believe it? I'm going to be picking the kimono she wears for her next show! How cool is that?! This is my chance to expand my fashion horizons!"
Rimi: Th-that's the first post... Um... Here, look at this!
Ran: "Honestly, I know next to nothing about flowers, and I never really thought much about them. So that's why I want people who are like me to be able to enjoy this event, too."
Rimi: It looks like she's been researching not just your flower arranging, but your concerts too. That way she can figure out what colors suit you. There are even more posts after this...
Ran: "I'll make sure she'll look ten times cuter than you could ever imagine, so don't just look forward to the flowers~☆"
Rimi: I-I'm sure she means she wants everyone to enjoy both your flowers and her kimono...!
Ran: ... It's okay. I know.
Ran: So all she wanted to do with those flashy kimonos was get people interested in our show.
Ran: That's why she came up with that live stream idea, huh...? How am I supposed to figure that out?
Rimi: Maybe Toko-chan is also a little clumsy with communicating things like this. What a surprise.
Ran: I don't know if I'd say clumsy... but she is easily misunderstood, that's for sure.
Ran: ... I'd know. I'm the same way.
Rimi: Ran-chan...
Ran: Toko's always full of energy and constantly just charging ahead... That's why people think she's not thinking about what she's doing.
Ran: Everyone thinks she decides everything with her gut, and doesn't think at all. That's the kind of person I thought she was too.
Ran: That... was wrong of me. But I don't know how I'm supposed to talk to her now.
Rimi: Why don't you just tell Toko-chan what you just told me?
Ran: You mean... Tell her I was wrong? That I misunderstood her?
Rimi: Yeah. I'm sure if you did that, Toko-chan would also...
Ran: ...
Rimi: I-is that a no...?
Ran: Nah, I'm not against it. If anything, I think it's something I need to do.
Ran: I'll go apologize to her properly this time. I'll apologize, we'll talk things out, and then we'll plan out this event. Together.
Ran: ... Though I bet that's probably what she's been trying to do from the very start.
Rimi: I'm sure you'll be fine this time.
Ran: I sure hope so.
Ran: Hey, Rimi. If you'd like, how about coming with me?
Ran: If I just went there alone, it'll probably end up being a repeat of last time. If it looks like that's what's happening, I want you there to stop me.
Rimi: Of course!
Ran: Thanks. I'll make this up to you, I promise.
Rimi: Fufu, you don't need to do that.
Ran: It's not that I need to, it's that I want to. Alright. Let's go.
Ran: This time we'll talk things over and make this corner a good one! We have to...!
