event138-04 Chapter 3: Why?

After deciding she's willing to compromise, Ran heads to Toko's house to talk...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Toko Kirigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Kimono Shop]

Ran: Well, I'm here, but how should I approach her?
Ran: (She's probably a little on edge... Might be a good idea to talk about something else first before I get to the point.)
Ran: ... Okay, here we go. Excuse me, is Toko-san her-
Toko: Oh, Ran-san! What's up?
Ran: What's up...? ... I wanted to talk a little if possible.
Toko: Perfect timing! There's something I want to talk to you about too!
Toko: So after you left yesterday, I thought about the show a bunch~... and I came up with a great idea!
Ran: (Thank goodness, she actually did rethink things.)
Ran: So? What have you got?
Toko: We should stream our show live on the internet!
Toko: We'll set up a camera and put you all over social media while you're doing your flower arranging!
Toko: And I'll be commentating the entire time, of course! This'll trend for sure, I'm telling you!
Ran: What...?
Toko: Which means that the kimono you're gonna wear has gotta be something super fancy, right?
Toko: I know you didn't really like the ones I picked out last time, so I'm thinking about putting in some orders for new designs.
Toko: I'm considering a macaron pattern next! Or candy! Which do you like better?
Ran: ...
Ran: You know... This event isn't some sort of game.
Toko: I know that! That's why I came up with this great new plan...
Ran: ... I'm done here.
Toko: Huh? Wait, what? Ran-san?!
Toko: And she's gone. Awww~, what's gotten into her?
(Black cut)
Toko: She really isn't coming back, huh~? I wonder why she just ran off like that.
Eve: Hello! Excuse us!
Chisato: We had a little free time, so we thought we'd check on you two, but... Judging from the look on your face, it doesn't seem like things are going very well.
Chisato: Did something happen?
Toko: I actually don't know...
Toko: We were talking about what to do for the event, and then suddenly Ran-san just took off.
Eve: She did...?
Chisato: ... Toko-chan, what exactly were you talking with her about?
Toko: We were trying to pick out a good kimono for Ran-san to wear. Yesterday and today, I... put out a bunch of different suggestions, and she turned them down saying they were all too flashy.
Toko: She said they didn't fit the whole flower arranging mood or something. But if you ask me, I think you gotta draw people in first. That's priority number one.
Toko: If you don't grab people's attention, they're not gonna stop and watch, after all. So I was thinking of ways we could spice up the performance.
Chisato: And that's where Ran-chan disagreed, I assume.
Eve: I see... I understand the situation.
Eve: But why would that lead to Ran-san running away?
Chisato: I could think of a few reasons...
Chisato: Toko-chan, did you make sure to properly explain what you just told us to Ran-chan?
Toko: Uh... Probably?
Chisato: Then what about Ran-chan?
Toko: Huh?
Chisato: Did you make sure to listen to what Ran-chan had to say?
Toko: Of course I did! Uhh, if I remember right, yesterday, she said... Uh...
Toko: I remember she mumbled a bunch of stuff, but... What did she say?
Chisato: ... It seems we've found your solution.
Eve: Yes! Let us make sure both of you understand each other's thinking!
