event138-01 Opening: Troubled Premonitions

Ran will be participating in an event, and it seems she won't be doing it alone...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE Café]

Ran: Practicing by myself at the studio isn't so bad every once in a while. My throat's feeling pretty good today, too.
Ran: Problem is what's coming next... Sigh...
Rimi: Wow, that's a big sigh.
Ran: Huh?! ... Oh, Rimi, it's you.
Rimi: S-sorry... Were you in the middle of something?
Ran: Nah, it's fine. You just surprised me a little, that's all.
Rimi: Thank goodness...
Rimi: Um... Did something happen? You look like you're having some trouble.
Ran: Hm... It's not so much about something that's happened. More like something's going to happen.
Ran: There's a little event coming up that I'm going to be in. I kind of got roped into doing some flower arrangement there...
Rimi: Are you talking about that event at Aurum City?
Ran: Oh, you know about it.
Rimi: They were handing out pamphlets when I went out with my family the other day. But I never thought that you'd be in it...!
Rimi: The theme is traditional Japanese culture, right?
Ran: Yup. My father's the one who got the offer originally, though.
Ran: But then he started talking to the sponsor about how it'd be a good idea to give people a chance to experience flower arrangement in a more casual setting, and...
Rimi: Is that where you come in? That's amazing...!
Ran: It's really not anything special. My father just kinda threw the offer over to me like, "Are you interested?"
Ran: Although that doesn't count out the possibility that he's got something up his sleeve.
Rimi: Don't you think he just wants more people to see your flower arranging skills...?
Ran: Hm... I wonder.
Rimi: I see... It's kind of exciting to think about, isn't it?
Rimi: Hey, Ran-chan. Would it be okay if I went to the event to see you?
Ran: What? Well... I mean, yeah, I guess.
Rimi: Really? Thank goodness.
Rimi: To tell you the truth, I've wanted to see your flower arrangements for a while now.
Rimi: But I don't really know anything about flowers, so it's been kind of hard to bring it up.
Ran: It's not like it's something you needed to be that worried about, you know... I'll talk to Father about getting you a ticket.
Ran: But in return, could you make sure to keep this whole thing a secret from Moca, Himari, and the rest of Afterglow?
Rimi: Huh? Why?
Ran: Because they'd tease me about it, why else? I'm doing the event with my father, and I can see them coming in, waving at me and causing a scene...
Rimi: That's... Yeah, I guess I can see that...
Ran: Right?
Ran: Besides... There's... something I'm kind of worried about, and I'd rather not make the rest of the band worry.
Rimi: What is it?
Ran: The corner I'm doing isn't just about flower arrangement.
Ran: It's actually about kimonos, too. Looks like the whole goal is to show how the two are kind of inseparable.
Ran: There's a girl around my age who works for the kimono shop that we've always used... They want us to do the show together, I guess.
Rimi: Oh. Have you met her before?
Ran: ... Well, yeah. I suppose.
Rimi: What do you mean?
Ran: I met her once or twice when we were still little. Not like I've got any good memories of the meeting, though.
Ran: She... How do I put this? She really liked to move to the beat of her own drum and pull other people along for the ride. Not exactly someone I got along with...
Ran: Which is why I didn't go to the kimono shop much. So I'm kind of worried about whether this is actually going to work out or not.
Rimi: Oh... But she must be in high school now too, right? She can't be the same as she was back then.
Ran: Well... I guess you've got a point there.
Ran: Outside of rare cases like Kasumi and Kokoro, most people our age should be a bit more levelheaded.
Rimi: Hehe, we do know a lot of interesting people.
Ran: I'd still appreciate it if they could rein themselves in a bit, though.
Ran: To tell you the truth, I've actually got to go to the kimono shop after this and say hi to that girl.
Ran: And I was feeling pretty down about it until you came to talk to me. Thanks, Rimi.
Rimi: O-oh, you don't need to thank me! I didn't do anything!
Rimi: But I am cheering for you. I'm really looking forward to the show...! You can do this, Ran-chan!
Ran: Yeah. Thanks. I'll see you later.
Ran: ... I know what I just said, but... is this really going to work out?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
