event138-02 Chapter 1: As Expected?

Ran has come to the house of the person she'll be partnered with. Who could they be...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Toko Kirigaya)

[Kimono Shop]

Ran: Hello. My name is Ran Mitake. I'm here to meet my partner for the upcoming event.
Draper: That's quite kind of you. Wait a moment, I'll call for her.
Ran: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ran: (I haven't met her very many times, but the owner's still as cool and dignified as I remember.)
Ran: (I've heard she's really strict, though. Hopefully that means that girl's calmed down a bit.)
Draper: Apologies for the wait. Come, you may enter.
Toko: Okay~! Hey there! I'm Toko Kirigaya~! ... Wait. Ran-san? Is that you?
Ran: Toko?! Why are you here?
Toko: What do you mean "why"? This is my house!
Toko: And that's my line! What are you doing here? Oh, wait, you interested in kimonos?
Toko: Then lemme just pick the perfect one for you... is what I'd like to say, but I've actually got plans today.
Ran: No, that's not it. I'm here because I'm supposed to meet the person I'm going to be working with for an upcoming event...
Toko: ... What? You serious? Wait, what?! Ran-san, you do flower arranging?!
Ran: Sorry I don't seem like the type.
Toko: I was wondering why Grandma let me deal with a customer for once. Look at you, you're doing some fancy stuff!
Toko: So I'm gonna have to come up with a good kimono for you, huh~? I'm still trying to imagine you doing flower arrangement, but this might actually be a lotta fun!
Toko: Just leave it to me! I'll pick out the absolute perfect kimono for you so that you can give the absolute best show out there!
Ran: Uh... Sure.
Ran: (I never would've thought that girl from back then was Toko. I haven't really talked with her much, but... She's changed... Right?)
Toko: Wanna get straight to making some battle plans? I just finished cleaning my room!
Ran: Ah, nah, I'm... gonna head over to where the event's going to be held and check out the place.
Ran: Even if we start planning now, it wouldn't mean much if we don't know anything about where we're performing, after all.
Toko: Ohh, that's a good point! Then let's go together! I'll be ready in just a second, so hang on!
Ran: ... I've got a bad feeling about this... Sigh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Aurum City - Event Floor]

Toko: We're here~!
Toko: So the event's taking up this whole floor, huh?
Toko: It's kinda smaller than I imagined it was gonna be~. White walls, zero decorations... This is as simple as simple gets.
Ran: Wait... Really? I think it's pretty big, though.
Ran: And the white walls light up the space and make it feel nice and open...
Toko: I’m just saying, I was expecting a space where we could show off in front of thousands of screaming fans~.
Ran: How on earth would a flower arranging show end up like that?
Toko: Meh, if there's nothing here, then all we've gotta do is add stuff!
Toko: I can just call in a friend I know who does event space design! They'll bring all sorts of stuff to make this place look spiffy!
Ran: There's no way that-
Eve: Is that Ran-san and Toko-san that I see?
Chisato: I heard that the two of your were asked to handle the flower arrangement and kimono corner, but... I didn't expect to see you here today.
Ran: Eve! And Shirasagi-san, too. Why are you two here?
Chisato: We've been asked to attend this event, too. Though we're not going to be performing, of course. We'll be reporting.
Eve: Our job is to go around, see each corner, and explain a little about them!
Toko: Seriously? Even Pastel＊Palettes is getting in on this? This has gotta be the biggest event ever...!
Toko: Well, we're gonna make sure our corner's a blast, so I'm counting on you two to let everyone know how awesome we are!
Ran: ... Setting the bar a little high there, aren't we?
Toko: You kidding me? Anything I'm involved in is gonna be a grand slam, no doubt about it!
Toko: Sure, we haven't actually thought of anything yet, but I can already see all the screaming, cheering attendees!
Eve: We are very excited to see what your corner will be like! Right, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Indeed. We're looking forward to your show.
Toko: Just leave it to us, we've got it in the bag!
Ran: ...
Ran: (Our corner's gonna be a blast, huh...? She must mean that she wants the event to go well, right?)
Ran: I guess I've gotta think about what kind of show I want to put on, too.
