event138-03 Chapter 2: Sharing Opinions

Preparations for the event have begun! But the two have differing opinions...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Toko Kirigaya)

[Mitake Residence - Living Room]

Ran: ... And that's my idea for our flower arrangement and kimono corner.
Ran: Toko and I will meet to settle on the details, but I figured I'd report in with what I've come up with.
Ran's Dad: I was wondering what this could be about when you told me you wanted to talk... Hm. My answer isn't going to change, Ran. I'm leaving this to you. You're free to handle it however you want.
Ran's Dad: It's about time I get to bed. Don't stay up too late, okay?
Ran: I know... Good night.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Several Days Later]

[Kimono Shop]

Ran: (Just by placing some flowers, you can completely change the atmosphere of a room. You can turn an ordinary place into a special one. That's what I want to get across with this show.)
Ran: (... Maybe that's a little too sappy. I guess Father not giving any feedback's par for the course. All it comes down to is how I want to approach this.)
Ran: The problem is deciding how to express my message through a show...
Toko: What've you been mumbling about this whole time~?
Ran: Ah, sorry. I was just thinking to myself... Wait, what is this? That's a lot of kimonos.
Toko: What do you mean? We're picking out your outfit, of course! That's why you're here today!
Toko: I've been picking these while you were spacing out, and these are all winners, I guarantee it!
Ran: Sure, but don't you think there are too many...?
Toko: No way! In fact, I had to try really hard to narrow it down to these!
Toko: Actually, now that I think about it, isn't this the first time we've been able to talk? We barely got a chance back when we were at the sakura party!
Ran: It's not like it's our first time, you know. We met at least once or twice when we were little.
Toko: When we were little...? Oh, that girl! That was you, huh?!
Ran: Wait, you remember?
Toko: Man~, that takes me back~! You cried so hard when I ate those candies you said you wanted!
Ran: ... That wasn't me.
Toko: Really? That kid seemed a lot like you if you ask me.
Toko: Meh, whatever. Right now we've gotta focus on picking out your kimono!
Ran: ... I thought this the other day, too, but... don't you think you're a little too into this?
Toko: Of course I am! My grandma said she's leaving this all to me, you know!
Ran: Is that really that rare?
Toko: Rare? This is the first time! Grandma never lets me do anything when it comes to events like this.
Toko: When I was in middle school, we were doing a fashion show for our cultural festival, right? I wanted to wear a kimono, but Grandma called it shameful and got super mad at me!
Toko: But I know the kimono would've been a huge hit! So that's why I'm super fired up this time!
Ran: Huh...
Toko: Alrighty then, here's contestant number one~. Ta-dah! How do you like that?!
Ran: There's gold embroidery literally all over this thing... There's no way I'm wearing this.
Toko: What?! But you'd stand out so much with this on! Fine, then how about this white one?
Ran: Is that a skeleton pattern?! Kimonos like this actually exist...? Pass, obviously.
Toko: Aww~. This spooky dark feel's kinda popular right now, so I figured it'd work...
Toko: You're a lot pickier than I thought~... Then how's this?! Instead of those patterns, how about some vivid yellows and shocking pinks! You'll knock 'em dead!
Toko: If we do your hair and have you wear some nice, big accessories, I know you'd be the star of the show! This suits you to a T, Ran-san!
Ran: No.
Ran: ... You do know that this is a flower arranging show, right? I can't wear this stuff. It'd completely ruin the atmosphere.
Ran: What I'm imagining is more... How do I put this? I just want to arrange the room with flowers, like the name suggests. You know, the same as always.
Toko: But they told us we have to figure a way for the audience to feel closer to flower arranging and kimonos, right?
Toko: That's why I'm telling you, we need you in an outfit with some impact!
Ran: Yeah, but that doesn't mean they want the outfit to distract people from looking at the flowers.
Toko: Sure, but I don't wanna go boring with this either. I wanna make sure the moment everyone sees you is a moment they're never gonna forget. You know what I mean?
Ran: How many times do I- Ugh, whatever... I'm not wearing any of these kimonos, got it? I'll be back next week, so try to come up with some other outfits.
Ran: ... Sigh.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Night]

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Ran: Maybe I was a too blunt back there... But there's no way I'm going to do flower arranging wearing that stuff.
Ran: ... Is this event really going to work out...?
Ran: ... Hm? Rimi's calling me... Hello?
Rimi: Hi, Ran-chan. Sorry for calling you out of the blue like this.
Rimi: You said you were going to meet Toko-chan to discuss things today, right? You seemed kind of worried, so I thought I'd check up on you. How did it go?
Ran: ... Honestly? Not well.
Rimi: Really?! D-does that mean... you can't work with her...?
Ran: I didn't say that. I made up my mind to do this event, so I'm going to see it through.
Rimi: Thank goodness... I'm really looking forward to your show, you know...!
Ran: Yeah, thanks.
Ran: (Looking forward to it, huh...? I've got to make sure this show goes well for people like that.)
Rimi: Ran-chan? Are you okay?
Ran: Ah, it's nothing. Thanks, Rimi.
Rimi: ... ? Okay, then I'll talk to you later.
Ran: (I'll go meet Toko one more time tomorrow. I think our talk today let her know how I want to do things.)
Ran: ... I did get through to her... Right?
