event138-07 Ending: The Fruits of Our Labor

The day of the event has arrived. After all their trials and tribulations, how will Ran and Toko's corner go...?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Toko Kirigaya)

[Day of the Event]

[Aurum City - Event Floor]

Rimi: Wow, look at all these people...! Are they all here to watch the flower arrangement show?
Eve: Rimi-san! Over here! We are over here~!
Rimi: Eve-chan! And Chisato-senpai. Weren't you working today...?
Chisato: Fufu, no need to worry. Examining each corner closely is also part of our job today.
Eve: Exactly! Let us cheer on our friends together!
Toko: Testing~. Testing~. Okay, I think it's about time to get started!
Toko: I'm Toko Kirigaya! I handled the kimono part of this corner! And this is Ran Mitake, our flower arrangement expert!
Toko: Big thanks to everyone who's here to see us today! We've got one heck of a performance for you all, so keep your eyes glued until the very end!
Toko: Oh yeah, by the way, we're both in our own bands~. Is there anyone out there that knows us fro-
Ran: Whoa, we agreed to keep the introduction short, didn't we?
Toko: Aw, it's not like it could hurt, right~? Ran-san, you can be awfully uptight sometimes, you know that?
Ran: What?!
Toko: Alrighty, now that Ran-san's mad at me, let's get started! Look forward to some more great commentary from me later!
Rimi: They're butting heads already...
Chisato: Fufu. But Ran-chan seems like she's having fun.
Eve: Yes! She looks more relaxed now, thanks to Toko-san!
Rimi: Yeah... You can do it, Ran-chan...!
(Black cut)
Toko: She finishes it off with a beautiful red rose, and... Boom! Yes! Everyone, this is your chance, get those pictures taken! Go, go, go!
(White cut)
Ran: It's not like they have to take pictures, you know.
Toko: You just don't get it, huh~?
Toko: We've gotta make sure the people participating in our corner have as much fun as possible! That's what it's all about!
Ran: Really...?
Toko: Really!
Toko: By the way, we've got one more arrangement planned for you today that we just know you're all gonna love, so sit tight, everybody!
Toko: And after that, we'll show you what real flower arranging is like!
Ran: I don't know exactly what she means by "real flower arranging," but... I would like you all to enjoy your own vision of what flower arranging is like.
Toko: Yeah, that's what I meant! ... Okay, everyone! Sit tight and stay tuned!
Ran: Jeez, you're in top form today, aren't you?
Rimi: Fufu, their corner is turning out to be a lot of fun.
Rimi: It kind of feels like when you go over to a friend's place to hang out...
Chisato: "Turning an ordinary place into a special one." I think Ran-chan managed to fulfill her goal quite well.
Chisato: Keeping the decorations plain and simple was a good choice. There's nothing to distract people from the flowers or the kimonos.
Eve: And Toko-san's commentary makes it so you can enjoy watching without getting bored!
Eve: Though it seems very casual, it still stays focused. This corner is truly the definition of perfect!
Ran's Dad: Is that what you all think?
Rimi: Oh... Ran-chan's father...!
Eve: Yes! I think it is a wonderful corner that matches Ran-san and Toko-san very well!
Ran's Dad: To tell you the truth, I'm surprised. I never thought that stubborn girl could come up with something this easygoing and beginner-friendly.
Ran's Dad: I was worried, but it looks like I didn't have to be. The fact that you're all enjoying their show this much is proof enough of that.
Rimi: I don't know very much about flowers, but... even so, this event has been really, really fun!
Rimi: And Ran-chan's flowers look so happy and energetic. Just watching them is making me feel the same way.
Chisato: I agree. There's a certain energy within the simplicity of her arrangements that makes the entire performance quite exciting to watch.
Ran's Dad: I imagine that's because Ran is enjoying this experience from the bottom of her heart.
Ran's Dad: And I'm sure that this experience will influence her future flower arrangements, too. She's met... no, she's far surpassed my expectations for her.
Eve: Which means that this event has been a great success! Right?
Rimi: Yeah...! They did it, Eve-chan! Chisato-senpai!
Chisato: They did. We'll have to congratulate them plenty after the event ends.
Toko: Oh yeah! You know, I actually wanted to make this event into a livestream, but Ran-san was too embarrassed~.
Toko: So if any of you out there are secretly taking videos, lemme know afterwards by messaging me online!
Ran: Could you at least try to hide that you're doing that stuff?
Toko: Huh?! But then you'd get mad at me, wouldn't you?
Ran: I'd get mad at you either way.
Rimi: Ran-chan looks like she's getting used to chatting on stage.
Chisato: It seems like Toko-chan's also gotten a good grasp of Ran-chan's boundaries, too.
Eve: This must be what people call "being quick on the uptake." It is wonderful!
Chisato: Eve-chan, where on earth did you hear that phrase...?
Rimi: Fufu.
Toko: C'mon, Ran-san, let's get a selfie together!
Ran: I'm fine. Don't bother... Whoa, hey! I get it, I get it! Stop pulling!
Ran: Just one picture, got it?
Toko: Got it! Alright, get ready~! Cheese~!
(White cut)
Ran: ... Jeez...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
