event242-03 Chapter 2: A Missing Piece

The Tsukinomori Christmas Party has begun, however...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

[The Night before the Tsukinomori Christmas Party]

[Kurata Residence - Mashiro's Room]

Mashiro: Umm, I should hold my plate and glass in my left hand... and start from the left of the buffet when filling my plate...
Mashiro: Sigh~... I wonder if I'll be okay at tomorrow's Christmas party.
Mashiro: Thanks to the notebook Tsukushi-chan made me, I've learned some formal manners... but I'm still so nervous...
Mashiro: (I'll need to stay close to Tsukushi-chan tomorrow... Ah, but...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Toko: Listen~, Shiro, if you start thinking you can always rely on Fusuke when you're in trouble...
Toko: ... Then one day, she's gonna get tired of taking care of you, and you'll have to help yourself.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: (Maybe she's right... Deep down, I've felt Tsukushi-chan would always be there to help me.)
Mashiro: (Even now, I was thinking of relying on her again... But if she's busy looking after me, she won't be able to enjoy the Christmas party as much...)
Mashiro: ... I'm going to do my best tomorrow...
Mashiro: So Tsukushi-chan can... No, so we can enjoy Christmas together.
Mashiro: Ah, someone sent a message... It's from Tsukushi-chan. Let's see, she said...
Mashiro: ... Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Luxury Ship - Tsukinomori Christmas Party]

Toko: Does everybody have a drink~? Then, let's kick off the Tsukinomori Christmas Party! Cheers~!
Nanami: Wow~, what a view. I can't believe this huge hall is this full.
Mashiro: Most of the students from school came, didn't they? That's amazing...
Nanami: That's Toko-chan for you. She knows so many people~.
Rui: Well then, I am going to listen to the performance. I will meet up with you two again later.
Nanami: Fufu. She's really excited to check out the orchestra, isn't she?
Mashiro: Didn't she seem unusually fidgety? I feel like she kept looking at her watch.
Nanami: She so was! You could totally see it on her face~. She looked like she could barely wait for the party to start~.
Nanami: I guess we should get moving too. Since this is a buffet reception, let's eat until we burst~.
Mashiro: O-okay...
Nanami: ...? Are you nervous...?
Mashiro: A little... I studied a lot about formal manners, but I'm worried I might make a mistake.
Nanami: Don't worry~. You're going to be perfect. You're already standing nice and tall.
Mashiro: Really? Thank goodness... Tsukushi-chan told me about that. She said I'd look cool if I didn't slouch at the party.
Nanami: That's the master of formal get-togethers for you~. But you'll get tired if you try to stand straight for too long.
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan told me that too.
Mashiro: ... I wonder what she's doing right now.
Nanami: She's probably looking after her sick little sisters like she said in her message.
Nanami: I couldn't believe it when she sent that message saying she couldn't come to the Christmas party anymore.
Mashiro: Me neither... She was so excited about this too...
Nanami: But she has to stay home. Her sisters caught a cold.
Nanami: Her parents are at her dad's company party, so Tsu-chan is the only one who can look after her sisters.
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan is amazing. I thought she'd be sad, but she said, "It's a big sister's job to look after her little sisters!"
Mashiro: She so caring that she even told us to have an extra good time to make up for her not being able to come...
Nanami: I know. But that's exactly why we have to enjoy ourselves.
Nanami: If we don't, Tsu-chan will get angry and say, "I told you to have fun, didn't I~?!"
Mashiro: ... She really might.
Mashiro: (If I act nervous at the party, I just know Tsukushi-chan will blame herself for not being able to come...)
Mashiro: (So today, I have to try my best on my own... so that doesn't happen.)
Mashiro: Okay... I'm all right now. Let's go.
Nanami: Okay~. Let's check out the food... Whoa~, everything looks amazing~!
Mashiro: Wow! There's even roast beef and beef stew...!
Nanami: You love those. And since it's a buffet, we can eat as much as we want~.
Mashiro: A-all right~. I hold my plate and glass in my left hand... and start filling my plate from the left of the buffet...
(Black cut)
Nanami: Shiro-chan, you did it! You took the food exactly the right way.
Mashiro: Thank you... It took me some time, but I'm glad I didn't make a mistake...
Mashiro: Ah, Rui-san is over there...
Nanami: She's glued to that orchestra, isn't she? It looks like all she has is a drink. Why don't we grab her some food?
Nanami: And some for Toko-chan too. She has seemed pretty busy since the party started, so I'd like to save her something to eat.
Mashiro: By the way, didn't she say there would be a special event during the party? I don't see her anywhere... Maybe she's getting ready for the event.
Nanami: She probably is. Would you help me get some food for Rui-rui and Toko-chan?
Mashiro: Sure!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
