event242-05 Chapter 4: A Christmas Party for Five (?)

Morfonica's Christmas party begins. Time flows gently, filled with their smiles.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Futaba Residence - Living Room]

Tsukushi & Mashiro & Toko & Nanami: Cheers~!
Toko: All right~, let's get these snacks open! Fusuke, you got some plates we can use~?
Tsukushi: Would these work? And... I have these too! They're my special apple pies!
Mashiro & Nanami: Wow~!
Rui: They have browned beautifully and are shaped nicely too. They look as good as the ones you see at bakeries.
Tsukushi: Heh heh. Not only do they look nice, but they taste amazing too!
Toko: You're right! These are insanely good...! And they're packed with chunks of apple! These are great!
Mashiro: The crust is flaky too. Did you just make these?
Tsukushi: Yes. I made them for my sisters to snack on tomorrow. They absolutely loved them when I made them last time!
Nanami: That's our Tsu-chan. Your cooking tastes just as good as the food on the ship~.
Tsukushi: Ah, that reminds me. How was the Tsukinomori Christmas Party?
Toko: It was sooo much fun! It's taken the top spot in this year's "Best Parties in the Universe" ranking~.
Toko: The fashion show for the new line of TOKO brand items was especially great. Some kids were so blown away they started crying!
Nanami: The show was exciting, but did people really cry...?
Mashiro: The orchestra was nice too. Wasn't it, Rui-san?
Rui: Yes. It was a very memorable experience. It is not every day that you have the opportunity to see a professional performance up that close.
Rui: I was able to observe each and every technique the musicians used... to achieve those sounds.
Mashiro: So that's what you were thinking about while you were watching... That's amazing.
Nanami: Fufu, you've been acting so alive lately~. You've gotten like that before, but it's like it's been cranked up a notch...
Nanami: I feel like our music has so many more layers to it now.
Tsukushi: I've been thinking that too! We've been playing more and more new kinds of melodies.
Rui: Yes. I have been making a focused attempt to broaden our musical palette in order to improve the band's technical skills.
Rui: (Furthermore... to achieve that sound, I am sure we will need to be challenged like this.)
Toko: What else~... Oh, these pictures! Aren't they great? This Christmas tree is super pretty, isn't it?
Tsukushi: Wow, it's so big...! Even the people on the second floor are looking up at it.
Tsukushi: That wasn't there when we went to wrap the candle holders... Is that a real fir tree?
Toko: Yep! The ship staff said the tree was a special decoration they provided only for Christmas Day.
Mashiro: It's pretty, no matter how many times I see it. The way the gold and silver tinsel garlands sparkled made the tree look like it was covered with twinkling stars...
Mashiro: It was like the stars filled the tree with magic so we could celebrate Christmas... That's how it looked.
Tsukushi: These Christmas boot ornaments are so cute. Oh, there are snowman ornaments too.
Nanami: Yeah, the tree was so nice that I wished I had one like it at home. Maybe I'll ask my mom and dad to make a Christmas tree like that next year~.
Rui: Make...?
Nanami: Ah... Ehehe. At my house, my parents make our Christmas tree every year.
Toko: No way!
Nanami: Yes way. They make a Christmas tree about as tall as me. My dad carves out our tree, and my mom paints it.
Nanami: And it's a Hiromachi family tradition to always complain about how hard it is to paint the bear.
Rui: ... Why is there a bear? They do not have anything to do with Christmas trees.
Nanami: There's usually a star on the top of the tree, right? At my house, it's a bear with a fish in its mouth~.
Mashiro: Wh-why a bear, though...?
Tsukushi: Who knows... But artist families are amazing.
Toko: Ahaha, Nanami's dad is crazy about bears! He gave us those wooden bear sculptures when we hung out by the river. He's so funny!
Toko: You know, this is really nice.
Tsukushi: What?
Toko: Hanging out like this!
Toko: Big events like the Tsukinomori Christmas Party are cool and all, but just the Morfonica crew kicking back together like this ain't bad either!
Mashiro: I know what you mean. It's relaxing. I feel like I'm back home in my room.
Tsukushi: Yeah... It's nice.
???: Stare~...
Mashiro: (...? It feels like someone's watching me...)
Mashiro: Ah...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
