event242-02 Chapter 1: The Meaning behind the Gifts

During party preparations, Mashiro is called out for always relying on Tsukushi.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Day before the Tsukinomori Christmas Party]

[Luxury Ship - Party Venue]

Nanami: Wow, this place sparkles even more in person than it did in the pictures~. It really is big~.
Mashiro: Ohh, I can see myself in the reflection on the floor... How are these floors so shiny...?
Tsukushi: Look, look! There are three levels! This place is incredible~!
Rui: You three, we came today to help prepare for the Christmas party, correct?
Tsukushi: Ah, I-I'm sorry! I just got so excited... Toko-chan, what can we do to help?
Toko: Fu fu fu~, well~... Ta-da~, you can help me wrap these glass candle holders~!
Mashiro: Wow, there are so many... How many are there?
Toko: I don't know the exact number. I gave up counting after about five hundred or so!
Tsukushi: There are that many?!
Toko: I got one for every Tsukinomori student. I thought these would be nice Christmas party gifts.
Rui: Who will decorate the venue? I assumed that was why you asked us to help you prepare for the party.
Toko: The ship staff is gonna take care of that for us!
Toko: But I've gotta get these glass candle holders ready since I'm the one who got them.
Nanami: They're so nice. The colors are cute, and each design is a little different. You can tell they were crafted with care~.
Toko: Right~? I got them from my favorite knick-knack shop.
Toko: The owner told me they made a mistake with an order, so I could have these if I wanted them. I was so freaking happy!
Nanami: Fufu, I think everyone who comes will be happy to get one. Plus, gifts like these will be a great way to remember the party.
Nanami: These will remind people of the fun time they had together at the Christmas party. This was such a great idea~!
Toko: I know, right~. That's why I just had to get some gifts.
Tsukushi: (... A reminder of having fun with everyone at the Christmas party...)
Tsukushi: ... Fufu...
Mashiro: (Tsukushi-chan...?)
Rui: We should get started now if we are going to do this. If we do not hurry, it may be nighttime before we finish wrapping so many holders.
Tsukushi: Good point! All right~, let's get to it~!
(Black cut)

[An Hour Later]

Nanami: Then a ribbon goes here and... done. Phew, I've finally finished wrapping half of my holders~.
Toko: For real... There are way too many of these. I'm not getting nearly enough done.
Mashiro: Me neither... I'm worse at wrapping these than I thought I'd be. My arms are tired too. Ohh...
Rui: Kirigaya-san, Kurata-san, keep moving your hands. You both have not even finished wrapping a third of your candle holders.
Rui: Kirigaya-san, since it was your idea to prepare gifts, you should have been aware of the effort it would take to wrap all these.
Toko: I know, but~... wrapping these is even more exhausting than I thought it would be...
Tsukushi: Next, I tape this part down well and then finish by adding a ribbon... There, perfect!
Tsukushi: Fufu, I wrapped this pretty well. Next is...
Toko: ... Huh? Fusuke's, like, super good at wrapping, isn't she?
Rui: Yes, she is. Her folds are nice and neat. You can tell how much care and attention she is putting into wrapping these.
Mashiro: Plus, she's finished that many already. She only has a third of her candle holders left to wrap...
Toko: Huh...? Are you really our Fusuke? You're a fake Fusuke, aren't you...?
Tsukushi: Hey, what's that supposed to mean?! I swear, you can be so rude sometimes.
Toko: But it just doesn't make any sense. If you're the real Fusuke, then you'd be messing up somehow...
Tsukushi: I do a lot of wrapping at my job!
Tsukushi: Hazawa Coffee does take out for its sweets, so Tsugumi-senpai has been teaching me a lot of wrapping techniques.
Nanami: Oh~. But I can see that it's more than just that. You're really looking forward to tomorrow, aren't you?
Tsukushi: Well... maybe it's that too. Wrapping things like this gets me excited.
Tsukushi: I'm happy to spend Christmas with you all... so I want to do a good job getting these ready...
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan...
Tsukushi: Fufu, I know I probably sound a little childish, but I just can't wait for tomorrow to get here.
Nanami: So that's why you're so happy~.
Nanami: I'm sure something very special is going to happen tomorrow~.
Tsukushi: What do you mean...?
Nanami: I don't think there's a kid alive who gets more excited for Christmas than you.
Nanami: And they say miracles can happen on Christmas... so I think you'll probably get an absolutely wonderful Christmas present.
Tsukushi: You really think so...? Fufu, I wonder. But now... I'm getting even more excited for tomorrow!
Rui: ... Maybe you all have rested enough. You should continue wrapping.
Mashiro: Ugh, continue...?
Toko: Sigh~, oh well. Shiro, you ready~?
Mashiro: Y-yes...
Mashiro: ... Hey, Tsukushi-chan, um... would you help me after you're done with the rest of yours?
Tsukushi: Of course, I will! We'll finish yours together.
Toko: Ah, no fair! You're trying to borrow Fusuke all for yourself!
Mashiro: B-but there's no way I'll finish on my own...
Toko: You know, you're always too quick to ask for Fusuke's help!
Toko: You think all you've gotta do is ask, and she'll help you no matter what, don't you?
Mashiro: N-no, I don't~.
Toko: Listen~, Shiro, if you start thinking you can always rely on Fusuke when you're in trouble...
Toko: ... Then one day, she's gonna get tired of taking care of you, and you'll have to help yourself.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Tsukushi: C'mon~! No fighting, you two! Toko-chan, I'll help you finish too.
Toko: For real?! You really are an angel!
Rui: You three...
Toko: We got it, we got it! All right~, time to power through these~!
Mashiro: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
