event242-01 Opening: Christmas☆Anticipation!

Tsukushi talks with Mashiro and Nanami about this year's Christmas party.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: Ugh, it's so cold... Good morning, Nanami-chan~.
Nanami: Morning, Tsu-chan, Shiro-chan. Take this... It's hot cocoa. It'll warm you up.
Mashiro: Wow, thank you... It's nice and sweet.
Tsukushi: It's been getting so cold lately. I start shivering on days when it's windy.
Mashiro: Me too. I end up spending a lot of my free time at home...
Nanami: But not everything about winter is bad. You know, it's almost time for...
Tsukushi: Christmas!
Tsukushi: I was actually hoping we could talk about our Christmas party soon.
Nanami: Me too~. The others aren't here yet, but maybe we can start talking about it now anyway.
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan, you can come for the whole party this year, right?
Tsukushi: Yep! I don't have to worry about how long I can stay this year. I can be with everyone all day.
Nanami: Great~. I was sad when you had to leave halfway through the party last year.
Tsukushi: Sorry about that. I had to go to my dad's company party.
Nanami: It's okay. You told us you've been going to those parties on Christmas ever since you were little.
Tsukushi: Yeah... Because of that, I've always ended up leaving my friends' Christmas parties early every year.
Tsukushi: But this year, my dad said I don't have to go!
Mashiro: It's still amazing, though. I can't believe you've been attending formal parties like that every year since you were a kid.
Tsukushi: It's nothing like that~. Trust me, it's just a regular party. It's like spending Christmas with close family friends.
Mashiro: But the parties are held at a hotel banquet hall, aren't they...?
Tsukushi: Yep! My dad knows a lot of people, so the only place big enough for everyone to come is a hotel.
Mashiro: And you said your dad invites people like CEOs and VIPs... There's no way that's just a "normal" party...
Tsukushi: It seems pretty normal to me, though~. I've known everyone for a long time, so it's like being around my relatives. It's fun talking with them!
Tsukushi: But... even if it were only once, I'd like to spend a whole Christmas with my friends.
Tsukushi: And this year, my dream is coming true! You can't imagine how happy I am!
Nanami: It's thanks to your dad~. Why don't you have to go to that party this year?
Tsukushi: We've been having a lot more band practices lately, right? So my dad told me to be with my band friends this year.
Tsukushi: He said if I'm spending so much time with you all, then I'd probably want to enjoy Christmas together too!
Nanami: Oh~. Your dad noticed how hard you've been working.
Toko: Attention, ladies! This year's Christmas party is gonna be freaking amazing!
Mashiro: Ah, Toko-chan. We were just talking about that.
Toko: Really?! Perfect! I always have the best timing~.
Toko: Now then... I'll be counting on you three to come to the Tsukinomori Christmas Party~!
Tsukushi & Mashiro & Nanami: The Tsukinomori Christmas Party?
Toko: Yep! Right now, I'm planning a Christmas party for my friends and all of the Tsukinomori students to come to~.
Toko: Things got crazy when that new chairwoman showed up this year, right? So I wanna throw a banging party so everyone can have lots of fun!
Tsukushi: A-all the students...? I understand why you'd want to do that, but wouldn't that be hard?
Mashiro: It would... I bet some people even already have plans. I don't see how you could get everyone to come...
Toko: Relax~! It's gonna be a TOKO party, remember? Everybody's definitely coming!
Nanami: Where will it be? Is there even a place that can fit all the students from school?
Toko: Well~, there is a place~. The Tsukinomori Christmas Party is gonna be... here~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi & Mashiro & Nanami: Wow~! Wow...!
Tsukushi: Look how it sparkles...! The party is going to be at a place that nice?!
Nanami: It looks like something out of a movie. The interior is so fancy.
Mashiro: The floors are very shiny... I don't think I've ever seen floors that polished before...
Toko: This is an event hall on a ship. Here... check this out!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Wow, it's huge! How did you get to use such a big ship...?
Toko: My friend's parents are the owners. I was looking for a spot for the party, and they said I could use their ship~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: So, this place would be big enough for all the Tsukinomori students, right?
Toko: Since Fusuke's finally gonna be free to hang all Christmas Day, I wanted us to party it up somewhere extra cool!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan... Fufu, I'm so excited now! It's going to be great to have a Christmas party at such a beautiful place!
Tsukushi: If there is anything I can do to help with the party, please don't hesitate to ask. I'll help with anything!
Toko: Fusuke, you're an angel! In that case, there is something you could help with...
Mashiro: Ohh, a party on a ship that big...
Nanami: Sh-Shiro-chan, are you okay...?
Mashiro: I... don't think so. My stomach started to hurt just imagining being in such a shiny place...
Mashiro: Guests have to follow a lot of special rules when they go to a party like that, right? There's no way I can do that~!
Tsukushi: I'll help you! I've been going to my dad's parties, so I know all about formal manners! I'll teach you everything you need to know!
Mashiro: But do you think I can remember all the rules...?
Tsukushi: Of course, you can! We'll practice together!
Mashiro: ... O-okay, I-I'll try...
Nanami: The three of us will be ready to party, then. The only one left is... Rui-rui~.
Tsukushi: She'll probably say no. She only came to our last Morfonica Christmas party after we promised to talk about how our practices had been going...
Toko: Ah, Rui already said she'd come.
Tsukushi & Mashiro & Nanami: What?!
Toko: Well~, when I was hanging with Kaoru-san, she told me about an orchestra Rui likes~.
Toko: I just happened to be looking for some music for the party, so I hired that orchestra! Genius move, right?
Tsukushi: That's amazing! Good thinking, Toko-chan!
Tsukushi: Fufu. Now, we can all enjoy the party together... All right~, this year's Christmas party will be the best one ever~!
Mashiro & Toko & Nanami: Yeah~! Y-yeah~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
