event242-04 Chapter 3: Candle Holders

As everyone continues to enjoy the party, Mashiro thinks about Tsukushi...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Luxury Ship - Tsukinomori Christmas Party]

Mashiro: Phew~... I think I might have eaten a little too much.
Nanami: You ate so much roast beef and beef stew. It's good to eat veggies too, you know?
Mashiro: I-I don't want to. Vegetables don't taste good... Hrm?
Toko: Ahh, ahh... Thank you all for waiting~! It's time for the Tsukinomori Christmas Party's main event...
Toko: The debut of the TOKO brand's newest collection starts now~!
Nanami: The TOKO brand's...
Mashiro: ... Newest collection...?
Toko: First~, we'll start with the cutest knit hats you've ever seen! Everyone, check them out~!
Nanami: Wow, models are coming down the staircases! They look so cool~.
Mashiro: I guess this fashion show was the event Toko-chan was talking about.
Nanami: Fufu, everyone is getting so excited. Let's go get a closer look!
Mashiro: I'll stay here. My stomach hurts, and I'm a little tired.
Nanami: Oh~. Well, I'm going to go take a look. See you later~.
Mashiro: Bye... Phew...
Mashiro: (I haven't made any big mistakes so far... I ate some good food, and I'm feeling okay being here.)
Mashiro: (I have Tsukushi-chan to thank for this too... She taught me so much about how to act here.)
Toko: Next are the bags you've just gotta own! They've got a simple design, so they'll match any outfit you have!
Mashiro: Ah, I think Tsukushi-chan would like one of those bags... She'd really think about buying one if she saw it in a store.
Mashiro: (... Speaking of Tsukushi-chan, I wonder what she's up to now. Maybe... I'll message her.)
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan, how's it going? Are your sisters feeling better?...
Mashiro: Ah, she replied! ... "Thanks for asking! Their fevers broke!"
Tsukushi: They've got so much energy now that I don't know what to do with them~! The oldest one keeps running around the house.
Tsukushi: How about you? Are you having fun at the party? You can message me if you need help with anything, okay?!
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan...
Mashiro: (She still thinks about me even though she's busy taking care of her sisters...)
Mashiro: (... Is it really okay for her to be so kind to me all the time...?)
Toko: Ah, there she is! Hey~, Shiro~!
Mashiro: Toko-chan? Nanami-chan and Rui-san, too... Ah, the fashion show finished.
Toko: What's wrong? You were staring at your phone.
Mashiro: Oh, it was nothing. Great show. You've been running all over the place.
Toko: Well, yeah~. I've had my hands full being the MC of the party and getting the fashion show ready~.
Nanami: But~...?
Toko: I've been having the time of my freaking life!
Mashiro: Fufu...
Toko: That reminds me, I wanted to tell you all something. The party's ending soon, so don't forget to take home your glass candle holders!
Nanami: Never! They're so nice. I'll definitely remember to bring one home~.
Mashiro: (The glass candle holders... Ah, that's right...!)
Rui: ...? Kurata-san, is something the matter?
Mashiro: Um, there's something I'd like to ask you all...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Futaba Residence - Living Room]

Tsukushi: Phew~, they're finally asleep. They started going wild as soon as they got over their colds...
Tsukushi: But... I'm glad they're feeling better, fufu.
Tsukushi: Huh?! It's this late already?! I better go wash the dishes...
Tsukushi: (... I wonder what Mashiro-chan and the others are doing. I guess they're probably on their way home by now.)
Tsukushi: ...
Tsukushi: I wish... I could've gone to the Christmas party too.
Tsukushi: Someone's at the door? I wonder who that could be. Okay~, I'm coming~...!
Toko: Fusuke, Merry Christmas!
Tsukushi: Ahh! Y-you scared me... Wh-why are you all here?
Nanami: Well~... Tell her, Shiro-chan.
Mashiro: O-okay... Um, this is...
Tsukushi: This wrapping... Is this one of the glass candle holders?
Mashiro: You looked so happy when we were wrapping these for the party, so we wanted to give you one.
Tsukushi: That's why you came all the way here...?
Toko: You should thank us~. I picked out a super nice one for ya.
Rui: The holder is wrapped, so there is no way you know how it looks.
Tsukushi: Jeez~, Toko-chan, you'll just say anything. But... thanks, everyone. I'll take good care of it.
Tsukushi: (But the reason I wanted a glass candle holder was to...)
Nanami: By the way, your sisters got over their colds, right?
Tsukushi: Yep. Their fevers went down, and I finally got them to go to sleep a few minutes ago.
Toko: Is that so~? In that case~, let's have a Christmas party at your house now!
Tsukushi: Wh-what?!
Mashiro: Having that glass candle holder will remind you of the special Christmas you spent with your friends...
Mashiro: ... So even though it's a little late... if it's okay... we'd like to spend Christmas with you.
Tsukushi: ...!
Nanami: We bought a ton of snacks too~.
Rui: If we are going to have a Christmas party, you all should be careful not to be too loud and wake her sisters.
Nanami: We'll be careful~.
Tsukushi: Thanks... everyone. Yeah, let's have a Christmas party! Come in, come in!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
