event242-07 Ending: Merry Christmas

In the room lit by candlelight, Mashiro expresses her feelings to Tsukushi...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Futaba Residence - Living Room]

(White cut)
Tsukushi: Oh wow, it's so beautiful...
Mashiro: It really is... I like how the candlelight flickers...
Tsukushi: Me too... The candle smells nice. I guess the candles in the glass holders were scented candles.
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: Fufu, you might be looking at it a little too closely.
Mashiro: Ahaha... I didn't even notice. Candlelight is strange, isn't it?
Mashiro: I feel like I could look at it forever... It's like it warms you up from the inside...
Tsukushi: This is such a wonderful gift. Thank you for coming all the way here just to give it to me.
Tsukushi: I didn't think I'd be doing anything special for Christmas, but then I got to have a Christmas party with you and the others...
Tsukushi: Now this glass candle holder really will be a reminder of the fun Christmas I spent with my friends.
Tsukushi: Thanks to this, I'll always remember this Christmas.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan... No, all I did was bring you a glass candle holder.
Mashiro: You remember what Nanami-chan said before, right? She said Christmas can bring you absolutely wonderful presents.
Mashiro: You were so excited for Christmas, so I'm sure this has to be a present Christmas brought just for you.
Tsukushi: Oh... Then, I'll have to be even more thankful to Christmas.
Mashiro: Yes...
Mashiro: Um, I want to be more thankful too.
Tsukushi: To Christmas?
Mashiro: Unh-unh, to you. Um...
Mashiro: ... Thank you... for everything.
Tsukushi: Wh-what's that for? Did I do something...?
Mashiro: You've done lots for me. Um... Do you remember what Toko-chan said?
Mashiro: About me thinking I could always rely on you when I'm in trouble...?
Tsukushi: Huh? That's been bothering you? Don't worry. I don't think that at all.
Mashiro: ... I thought you would say that.
Mashiro: But... I thought a lot about it afterward. I think Toko-chan might be right...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan...
Mashiro: Even today, I could enjoy the Tsukinomori Christmas Party because you taught me all about formal manners.
Mashiro: I was still really nervous, though.
Mashiro: ... Going to the party without you today made me realize again how grateful I am to have you as my friend.
Mashiro: And that's not something I would ever take for granted. Your friendship makes me so happy...
Mashiro: So thank you... for always helping me.
Mashiro: I'm sure there have been times when I've annoyed you. But even then, you've always tried to help me...
Mashiro: Thank you so very, very much.
Tsukushi: ...
Tsukushi: J-jeez~, what am I supposed to say when you start talking like this out of nowhere~?
Tsukushi: Ohh, I think I'm blushing... This is your fault.
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry.
Tsukushi: ... I've never thought you were being annoying.
Mashiro: Huh?
Tsukushi: I guess I like that you look to me for help... So you really don't need to worry about it.
Tsukushi: And that's just a sign of how close we are. It's really nice to have such a close friend!
Tsukushi: So, whenever you need help, just let me know! I'll help you out as much as I can!
Mashiro: ... Okay. I'm pretty sure there'll be plenty of times in the future when I'll need you...
Mashiro: ... And I'll come looking for you.
Mashiro: So when I do... I hope you'll help me.
Tsukushi: Of course, I will!
Toko: We're back~. The Christmas cake has arrived~! Hrm? Why's it dark?! Did the power go out?
Nanami: Ah, the candle! It looks like you started putting your gift to good use right away~.
Toko: Wow, that's so romantic! Let us get in on the fun too~.
Rui: What should we do with this snow globe?
Tsukushi: Where did you get that?
Rui: The cake shop gave it to us. Apparently, it is a gift they give to customers on Christmas Day.
Toko: ... All right, my candle is ready. Nanami, Rui, hurry up.
Nanami: Hold on~, I'm getting mine ready now.
(Black cut)
Nanami: This snow globe is so cute. Santa Claus and the reindeer inside are smiling.
Mashiro: Maybe they're on their way to deliver presents to children. The way they're lit up by the candlelight... makes them look kind of magical.
Toko: Oh, we've just gotta get a picture of this! Hold up, I'll just put my phone's camera in night mode...
Rui: Kirigaya-san, you are leaning forward too much. Be careful not to let the candlelight singe your clothes.
Tsukushi: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

 (Mashiro): That's why... I want to give back to Tsukinomori.
 (Mashiro): For the Tsukinomori Music Festival, I want to put on a concert that can cheer up the depressed Tsukinomori...!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukushi: (I had thought the old Mashiro-chan was gone, but maybe a little of her will always be there...)
Tsukushi: ... I received such a wonderful present from you all today.
Tsukushi: Little snow globe Santa and reindeer, please fly as fast as you can. Children all over the world are waiting for you to deliver wonderful presents...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: Merry Christmas...
(White cut)
