1812_Taki Shina_R1 Rhythm Re-Start

<Self-introduction>

(Character: Taki Shina)

[RiNG Cafeteria]

Taki: My name is Taki Shina... I play drums in MyGO!!!!!
Taki: And I also compose music.
Taki: ... Well there's nothing much to say about me. Let me talk about the band instead.
Taki: MyGO!!!!! is... honestly immature as a band. Our performances are nothing special either.
Taki: But that's why I want you to come to our live shows and listen to our songs.
Taki: I really think Tomori's lyrics and songs are amazing. It feels all the frustrations and emotions inside of me have been put into words and made into song.
Taki: It makes me feel a little bit better... It's like a relief.
Taki: I would be happy... if you could feel it for yourself at least a little at our live show.
Taki: Thank you in advance for supporting MyGO!!!!!
Taki: ... Whew. I was a little nervous...
Taki: Stray Cat, how long are you going to keep that camera running? Just cut it out already.


<The reason is>

(Character: Taki Shina)

[RiNG facade]

Taki: ... Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Taki: I see you're over here today and not in CiRCLE.
Taki: I'm about to start my shift. Maybe at the cafe.
Taki: ... No, it's not that hard. The customer service is usually done by someone else.
Taki: I mean, I just wash dishes and make coffee in the back.
Taki: Ah... But lately there's been a few troublesome characters.
Taki: Anon keeps blabbing on and on. And the Stray Cat is always asking for a parfait.
Taki: Sigh... To think I went to the trouble of choosing a place where I don't know anyone...
Taki: Hmm? I mean... Isn't it annoying if you have acquaintances at your part-time job?
Taki: I have to worry about things that have nothing to do with my work.
Taki: If possible, I want to concentrate on my work while I'm working...
Taki: Is there any reason why I chose RiNG? Well, there's one.
Taki: ... I wanted to learn more about bands properly.
Taki: I didn't know much about music, such as composition, equipment, live shows, etc...
Taki: I thought I could learn a lot here while working part-time...
Taki: After all, I didn't want to give up.
Taki: ... No, it's nothing. Well, it's time for me to go.
Taki: See you again.
