1940_Taki Shina_R4 More Than Just Grabbing Take-Out

Gacha phrase: I wonder if the two of them remember the same thing.

<No Time For That!>

(Character: Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Taki Shina)

[Apartment - Lobby]

Anon: Hmmm, what shall I have?
Anon: Oh, hey, doesn't that look delicious? Fruit filled tea!
Anon: But the almond milk latte sounds good too.  Rana-chan, you'll pick some matcha drink, right?
Rana: Mm.
Taki: …
Taki: ...  It won't stop raining.
Taki: (It was raining like this that day, too. The day when CRYCHIC broke up...)
Taki: (To be honest, I don't want to remember that day...)
Taki: (I hope the two of them don't get into a weird mood...)
Anon: Rikki?
Taki: (What on earth do they talk about? I haven't seen them talking much...)
Taki: （Tomori... I wonder if she's okay.)
Anon: Wow, your face is scary.
Taki: Huh?
Anon: I said, your face looks scary~. What's wrong? Did you hate coming to the café that much?
Taki: It's not that.
Anon: Huh? Then, what is it? You can't decide what to drink?
Anon: If so, shall I pick one for you?
Taki: No thanks. By the way, have you decided yet?
Anon: I'm still having a hard time deciding. They all look so delicious~.
Taki: Then go ahead and pick yours.
Taki: What about Stray Cat?
Rana: That one.
Taki: Rich Matcha latte... Well, that's what I expected.
Rana: Mm.
Anon: What would Soyorin and Tomorin like to drink?
Taki: Tomori would like milk tea.
Anon: You responded sooo fast!
Taki: Soyo... Some sort of tea would do, right?
Anon: Hey, aren't you a bit careless about picking Soyorin's drink?
Taki: Not really. In fact, she drinks a lot of tea at RiNG.
Anon: It's true that Soyorin would like tea--. It's cold today, so maybe some warm herbal tea would be good?
Taki: ... That's fine, isn't it?
Anon: I'll go order. How about some pastries too?
Taki: ... Sigh.
Taki: (... By now, I wonder what the two of them are talking about.)
Taki: (Even though nothing will come out of me thinking about it. But...)
Anon: I ordered a herbal tea Soyorin might like--.
Anon: For me, I ordered a limited time only chocolate drink! Hey, look at this! Doesn't it look delicious?
Rana: There's cream on it.
Anon: It's so exciting, isn't it~? I love this kind of thing~.
Anon: So, what are you going to do, Rikki? Hurry up and order.
Taki: I don't really care, whatever is fine.
Anon: Eh--? There's so many kinds of coffee, you know? American, café mocha, and cappuccino.
Anon: Ah, how about something different for a change? Crushed coffee jelly? They also have seasonal coffee~.
Taki: ...
Anon: Coffee tastes different depending on how it's ground, right? It's so interesting!
Taki: Oh, come on--!!
Anon: Wow! You startled me with your loud voice.
Anon: What is it? Are you still frustrated because you can't decide what to drink?
Taki: That's right, it's your fault!
Anon: Eh--? Me? Why~ Did I confuse you with too many options instead?
Rana: Let's go back.
Taki: I know. I don't care no matter what you order.
Anon: You don't care no matter what... Jeez, can't help it with you.  Then wait a little bit. I'll go get something for Rikki.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<For A New Menu>

(Character: Taki Shina)

[RiNG - Cafeteria]

Taki: Hmmm…
Ririko: What's wrong, Taki-chan? Something on your mind?
Taki: Ah, Ririko-san. {{userName}}-san too…
Taki: I was thinking about the café menu.
Ririko: It's very helpful you're thinking about that~. But why all of a sudden?
Taki: It was raining on our way back home from a live show. Since Soyo's apartment happened to be nearby, we took shelter from the rain there.
Taki: A café mocha I ordered at the café on the first floor of the apartment was quite delicious.
Ririko: I see. What kind of café mocha was it?
Taki: It had a good amount of milk foam on it, and also had chocolate sauce on top of it.
Taki: It wasn't too sweet and had just the right amount of bitterness, so it was easy to drink.
Taki: Tomori had milk tea, and she liked it a lot, too.
Taki: I think that milk tea was probably the type made by boiling tea leaves in milk...
Ririko: Oh, so it was royal milk tea. It takes a little bit of time, but it's delicious~.
Taki: Yes. If it's delicious, it shows on Tomori's face right away.
Taki: Everyone else ordered a variety of things, too. They were all delicious, and I thought it would be a good reference for the menu.
Ririko: Yeah, yeah. If you come up with a good recipe or menu item, please let me know. Let's give it a try.
Taki: Yes, thank you. I'll think about it some more.
Ririko: Taki-chan, you're solid and motivated. I'm really counting on you~.
Ririko: Oh, yeah! If you have a menu idea, why not have everyone at MyGO!!!!! try it out?
Taki: Ah, Tomori's okay for that... but the other members seem to be too picky about taste and preference…
Taki: Especially Stray Cat. She only seems to try matcha drinks.
Taki: Soyo seems to notice immediately when I change the tea leaves, and Anon... she's going to say something annoying.
Ririko: Fufu. But if they're that strict about taste, you can make a good menu, right?
Taki: That's true... Hmmm... But still…
Taki: It's going to be a hassle, so just Tomori for the tasting.
