event116-02 Chapter 1: Initiate Login!

The Roselia team log into NFO and the quest begins.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Several Days Later]

[Yorbei Village]

Lisa: Alright, we're logged in. Hmmm, now to find the others...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Lisa-nee~! Over here!
Lisa: There you are! Phew~. I was worried we'd gotten lost.
Lisa: ... Whoa! Rinko, your level is crazy high! And Sayo's not doing too bad either~!
Lisa: It's only our second time playing, so we'll try not to drag you guys down! Right, Yukina...? Yukina...?
Yukina: ...
Sayo: She doesn't appear to be moving... Is everything alright?
Yukina: ...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Hmmm. I feel like this happened before...
RinRin (Rinko): Now that you mention it, I remember her not being able to type in the chat correctly, and everything came out strange. (￣ω￣;)
Lisa: Do you think she forgot how to chat in-game?! Hold up, I'll go check on her...!
Yukina: AAA
Yukina: Testing.
RinRin (Rinko): Ah! Σ(ﾟﾛﾟ；) ...!
Yukina: Sorry, I went to get something to drink. Don't worry, I understand how to play.
Lisa: Seriously?! Jeez, you really had me going there!
Yukina: Why are you getting so worked up? You worry too much, Lisa.
Lisa: I can't help it~.
Sayo: Fufu... Now then, shall we  get going? I believe the event quest begins by...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): We have to go talk to the king in his castle.
RinRin (Rinko): The premise is that the king is recruiting strong, capable adventurers. (`･ω･´) Let's start by heading towards the castle.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yorbei Castle]

RinRin (Rinko): What a big castle. ('ω'*) Is this a new zone they made?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I think so! There are things I haven't seen before, like the coat of arms on the wall.
Yukina: New zone? Coat of arms?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Oh, don't worry! You don't need to know any of that stuff! Let's see, they should be somewhere around here...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Ah, look! It's the king! Okay, we just need to talk to him, and... there.
King of Yorbei: Oh, a band of travelers. Welcome to my castle. I require the assistance of skilled adventurers such as yourselves... Are you willing to answer my call?
King of Yorbei: My daughter, Princess Claire, is to be wed to a king of a neighboring nation, but disturbing rumors have recently surfaced. I ask that you investigate this matter.
Yukina: Disturbing rumors...? Should I accept this request?
RinRin (Rinko): Yes. (｀･ω･´)ゞ Please click the accept button to start the quest. ヾ(・ω・`;)ﾉ
Yukina: "Leave it to us." ... This one?
King of Yorbei: Oh-hoh, so you accept! You have my thanks, adventurers!
King of Yorbei: Regarding the rumors, I believe the nearby villagers may have more information. I would like for you to see what they know. I am counting on you all.
Lisa: Makes sense to me. I guess we should go question the people in the town then. I feel like things played out like this last time too...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): That's how games are! Let's get going!
Sayo: I believe things will develop if we gather the information needed for story progression.
RinRin (Rinko): (*・ω・)(*-ω-)(*・ω・)(*-ω-) Mhm♪ When I stopped by Yorbei Village earlier, there was one door that was locked.
RinRin (Rinko): I bet gathering information from the villagers will somehow trigger it to open, and we'll be able to talk to whoever is inside that room. (´∀`∩
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Ah, I remember a locked door on the second floor of the tavern too! Good thinking, Rin-rin!
RinRin (Rinko): Let's head in that direction, then. (ﾟ▽ﾟ*)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yorbei Village]

Lisa: I tried speaking with the villagers, but they didn't mention any rumors. Everyone is talking about how happy they are that the princess is getting married...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): They all seem to really like Princess Claire! Even the kids and the elderly are big fans of hers!
Sayo: Sneaking out of the castle to play with the village children, helping wounded animals in the forest... She is certainly popular with the residents here.
Sayo: It would appear that we have spoken to everyone we can, though...
RinRin (Rinko): Ah! Look over there. (･-･*)♪ A woman is entering the tavern! Do you think she...?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): ... Is she heading to the second floor?!
Lisa: Ah! She totally is! Let's follow her!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tavern - Second Floor Room]

Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yay~! The door is open now! Now we just need to talk to that lady...
Fortune Teller: I've been expecting you, young ones. I am a fortune teller, and I have foreseen your arrival, as well as your reason for coming. It involves Princess Claire's betrothal, yes...?
