event116-05 Chapter 4: Newbies No More

Everyone is leveling up nicely. Meanwhile, Yukina picks up something...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Yorbei Mines]

Lisa: Let's see, after casting my attack spells, I should press... this! Here goes! Air Shot!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Nice one, Lisa-nee! Perfect timing!
Sayo: That attack just now reduced the enemy's health considerably... but I am still lacking the power to defeat them in a single strike.
RinRin (Rinko): Yukina-san, please use the skill I taught you on Hikawa-san. (｀･ω･´)ゞ
Yukina: The skill I learned earlier... Do you mean this one?
Sayo: An attack-enhancing buff? Thank you very much, Minato-san.
Sayo: And with that... it's over! Hah!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yay! All finished!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): It felt so good to pull that off! Now this is the true appeal of playing as a party!
Yukina: I was still somewhat confused, but I am glad that everything went well.
Yukina: ... Oh?
Lisa: Yukina? What is it?
Yukina: Nothing of major importance, but... I noticed that the item I received from that previous battle has some kind of marking on it.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Marking? Wait, you don't mean... Aaah~! I knew it!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): This is a super-duper rare item~! It almost never drops!
Lisa: Whoa, is it really that rare~?
RinRin (Rinko): It's extremely valuable. (; ﾞﾟ'ωﾟ')  It can function as a normal item, but using it to temper a weapon allows you to create very powerful, rare gear. (☆ω☆*)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Wow, so it can even be used as an item on its own~! I didn't know that!
RinRin (Rinko): The effect changes depending on your class. (･-･*)♪ Bards gain an ability called Song of Invincibility that temporarily grants invincibility, and I believe wizards gain triple their attack power.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Whoa~! A three-times increase! Isn't that way huge?!
RinRin (Rinko): However, the drop rate is extremely low, so I feel that it is best to use it to temper a weapon.(｀･ω･´)ゞ
Lisa: So it really is that rare, then. Way to go, Yukina!
Yukina: I don't follow. Are you saying I should use it?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Aaah~! No! Don't you dare!
Sayo: Minato-san! Please take your hand off the mouse! You might accidentally hit the use button!
Yukina: F-fine. There is no need to actively stop me.
(Black cut)

[1 Hour Later]

Sayo: Now that you two have raised your levels by a considerable amount, we should continue with the actual quest itself.
RinRin (Rinko): Agreed! Let's delve into the center of the mines and take back the Tiara of Blessing from those thieves. o(>ω<)o
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yukina-san! Lisa-nee! It's time to show off the results of all your training~!
Lisa: Well, I do feel a lot stronger than I did when we started... Okay! Let's do this!
Lisa: That's fine with you too, right, Yukina?
Yukina: Yes, I believe so. Should I continue using that skill I learned before?
RinRin (Rinko): Yes, that should be enough. ヾ(*´ω`)ﾉﾞ
Ako: Leave the rest to us! Those thieves will drop like flies!
Sayo: Let's head out, then. I have finished preparing as well.
Lisa: I knew I could count on you guys~! Roselia is all about teamwork! Hahahaha!
Lisa: Alright, let the Tiara of Blessing Retrieval Mission begin~☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Deep within Yorbei Mines]

Sayo: I will intercept this attack!
Lisa: Thank you, Sayo~! That was a close one~...
RinRin (Rinko): Now, Yukina-san! Please use your Song of Confusion skill. (｀･ω･´)ゞ
Yukina: Right... Was it this one?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Wow! Nice work, Yukina-san! The effect range is perfect! You confused every enemy with a single cast!
Yukina: I only did what I was told... That did feel kind of nice, though...
Sayo: Shirokane-san! The magic chant!
RinRin (Rinko): Yes, coming right up. ヽ(*゜∀゜*)ノ Here goes!
RinRin (Rinko): ...
Lisa: ... Huh? Why did Rinko suddenly stop moving...?!
Sayo: A special chant is required to use powerful magical spells, and that requires time. Any damage received while chanting will prevent the spell from being cast.
Lisa: I see~. So that's why you waited until all of the enemies were confused.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): The meter above Rin-rin's head shows the chanting time! Look, right there! You'll see once it hits zero!
RinRin (Rinko): Chanting complete...
RinRin (Rinko): Storm Blizzard!
(White cut)
