event116-03 Chapter 2: Stolen Treasure

The players steadily advance through the event. What could the next mission be?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Yorbei Village]

Sayo: ... So a dragon plans to kidnap the princess.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): That's what the fortune teller from earlier told us.
RinRin (Rinko): She claims that she had a dream where a dragon comes to snatch up the princess during the wedding ceremony.(((( ;ﾟдﾟ))))
Lisa: Could this be the disturbing rumor that the king mentioned before?
Lisa: Seriously, how much of a jerk does this dragon have to be to crash the party and steal the princess at her own wedding?!
Sayo: Well, that is how games are. I expected some sort of dramatic turn of events...
Lisa: Still, everyone in the village totally adores Princes Claire, and it wants to take her away~. I won't let that happen!
Yukina: Lisa... Aren't you getting a little too into this...?
RinRin (Rinko): Now that the story has progressed, we should return to the castle for now. ヾ(*´ω`)ﾉﾞ
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yorbei Castle]

Demon Princess Ako (Ako): We're back, your majesty~! We asked about those rumors from before~! Okay, let's try talking to him again...
King of Yorbei: Oh, young ones. So you have information on what we previously discussed! Well done!
RinRin (Rinko): Nice work. (´∀`∩ With this, the first stage of the quest is complete. (*'-'*)
King of Yorbei: Yes, I see... What?! A dragon is after my daughter Claire?! This calls for action!
King of Yorbei: The creature likely dwells within the mountains to the north. Unfortunately, the journey alone would take a month... Perhaps there is a way to lure the beast out of hiding...
King of Yorbei: ... Aha! I can have one of you skilled adventurers pose as my daughter during the wedding and then exterminate the monster...!
Yukina: This king... He's deciding everything while we have no say in the matter.
Sayo: That is how games are.
King of Yorbei: On the morning of the wedding, the bride is to be crowned at the cathedral with the Tiara of Blessing, an item passed down by the royal family.
King of Yorbei: I will have you wait and hide at that cathedral, then face the dragon once it arrives. Do not fail!
Lisa: Do not fail...? What exactly does he want us to do?
RinRin (Rinko): The first part was gathering info, but it looks like this is going to be a battle quest. o(>ω<)o
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Now we're getting somewhere~! I'm itching for some action~! Ah, look! Someone else is coming!
Guard: Your majesty! I bring dire news! Thieves have stolen the Tiara of Blessing!
Lisa: Whaaat?! What's with this sudden twist?!
King of Yorbei: The wedding cannot take place without the Tiara of Blessing... Adventurers, could you first help us retrieve this most important treasure?
Lisa: H-hold on... They let a bunch of thieves steal such an important item... Is this king's head on straight...?
Sayo: That is how games are.
Lisa: Whoa, something popped up! Is this a new quest?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Hmmm, let's see here. It says, "Retrieve the Tiara of Blessing from the Thieves"!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Sounds like a plan to me! Just click the accept button, and...
King of Yorbei: Excellent! You have my thanks, adventurers! The thieves who stole the Tiara of Blessing have made their hideout in the Yorbei Mines to the east!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Okay~! You can count on us! Alright, everyone, let's get to work!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yorbei Village]

Lisa: Hmmm, so we need to head to the eastern mines first, take back the Tiara of Blessing, and then destroy the dragon... Is that right?
Sayo: Yes, from what I can tell. However, I believe we will also need to do some grinding.
Yukina: Grinding?
RinRin (Rinko): It means raising our characters' levels. o(>ω<)o
RinRin (Rinko): Imai-san and Yukina-san, your HP is so low that even a couple of hits from some low level mobs would put you out of commission. (TдT; )
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): And the best way to increase your HP is to level up.
Lisa: I see... But doing that sounds like it would take a long time...
Sayo: No, that is not the case at all. Accepting quests appropriate for your level is the quickest way to level up in the world of NFO.
RinRin (Rinko): Hikawa-san is right. ヾ(*´ω`)ﾉ
RinRin (Rinko): This event was originally planned for immediately after the game's launch, so the level requirements shouldn't be all that high. (q'∀'o)
RinRin (Rinko): A little grinding here and there while we play the mission should be enough to clear the quest.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Uh-huh! And the rest of us will give you plenty of buffs to help keep your stats up, so don't worry!
Lisa: Ohhh, so that's what buff means...!
RinRin (Rinko): Buffs are unique abilities that enhance your stats. Debuffs are abilities that lower the stats of others.
Lisa: I get it now~. Well, we've got a bunch of tough allies on our side, so why don't we give it a shot, Yukina?
Yukina: If that is the plan, then I will simply follow suit.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): We're going to get you into tip-top shape, so I hope you're ready, Lisa-nee, Yukina-san!
Yukina: Very well... I will do what I can to keep up with the rest of you.
Lisa: We'll do our best!
RinRin (Rinko): Alright, everyone! Let's make our way towards the Yorbei Mines. (*´∨`*)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Ah, wait! Yukina-san! Please re-equip the weapon you bought earlier!
Yukina: E-equipment... I think it was this button...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): No, that's the jump button!
Sayo: Their usual roles have been completely reversed...
