event116-01 Opening: Onward to a New Adventure

On the walk home from practice, the conversation unexpectedly turns to NFO.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio - After Rehearsal]

[Residential Area]

Ako: Ahhh, I'm beat, but I feel great~! I was on a roll today, like wham bam!
Rinko: Ako-chan, that arrangement you added... at the end... was wonderful...
Ako: I know, right?! It came to me after we finished our last show, like a ringing sound!
Sayo: That must have been the surge of energy I felt.
Lisa: Still, I think it was the perfect match to the style of our new song!
Yukina: Very much so. And it helped bring some intensity right before the hook.
Ako: You mean it?! Hehehe~. Awesome!
Ako: Our song is coming along well, and we still have a while until our next show, so I'd say everything is going picture perfect!
Ako: Does this mean that I could maybe... get in some serious NFO play time...?
Yukina: Why are you asking me? If you have fulfilled your duties, then feel free to do whatever you like.
Ako: Ah... Thank goodness~!
Lisa: Hahaha. Good for you, Ako.
Sayo: NFO... Come to think of it, they did announce that a new event would be starting today.
Ako: Yep! That's right~!
Ako: Actually, they're digging up a long lost event from the past!
Lisa: A lost event? Sounds cool.
Rinko: The beta version was initially... playable to those who... were selected from a lottery... until they found a major bug... that caused the whole thing... to be shelved...
Rinko: And now... after all this time... the finished version is finally being released...
Ako: This is one event that NFO players just can't miss!
Ako: Ahhh, I'm getting so excited!
Rinko: Fufu... But first... we'll need to find some party members...
Rinko: A party of five will be required to access the event content...
Ako: Oh, right! Hmmm, five people~... There's you and me, Rin-rin, and... Would you like to join us, Sayo-san?!
Sayo: Sure, I do not see why not.
Ako: Thank you so much! That makes three... Now we need two more. I wonder if some of my guild mates are free~.
Ako: I guess I could ask, and if that doesn't work, we can always try the Looking for Group chat...
Rinko: It might be hard... to find a group right away...
Lisa: Hey. So, uh... how about us two?
Ako: Huh?!
Yukina: Lisa, what on earth are you suggesting?
Lisa: Come on, they clearly need some help!
Lisa: Besides, did you forget how often Rinko and Ako use game lingo to explain things at the studio?
Lisa: Like how we need more buffs, or how we're bogged down with debuffs and stuff.
Sayo: Now that you mention it... I do remember the phrase "like charging up your special skill" being used today.
Lisa: Right, exactly! I've been thinking for a while that I'd like to figure out what all that means.
Rinko: Imai-san... I didn't realize... you felt that way...
Ako: Lisa-nee~! I'm speechless~!
Yukina: ... Sigh.
Yukina: If only that were the only reason... You saw the commercial and wanted to try it for yourself, yes?
Lisa: Hahaha, busted. I thought, you know, it could be kind of fun~.
Ako: Huh?! You got me worked up over nothing?!
Lisa: N-no, no! It was like fifty percent true! Really!
Ako: Ohhh~, Lisa-nee~!
Yukina: Goodness... Well, there still is some truth to what you said.
Yukina: Our discussions with Rinko and Ako would likely go more smoothly if we understood where they are coming from.
Yukina: If so, then we must think of this as yet another challenge to overcome.
Ako: Yukina-san... Does that mean...?!
Lisa: With Yukina giving us the okay, you now have the five people we need for the event☆
Lisa: We can't all play from our homes, so why don't we go to an internet cafe like last time?
Ako: Yeah! Ah... Wait, do I have any money with me?! We need our membership cards too! Um, let me check my wallet~...!
Rinko: Calm down, Ako-chan... I don't think today would work... on such short notice...
Lisa: Hahaha. True.
Lisa: ... So let's all meet up at the cafe this weekend♪ Does that sound good to you guys?
Yukina: Yes, that's fine with me.
Sayo: I am free, as well.
Rinko: Everyone... Thank you so much. Fufu... This Isn't quite what we expected... but doesn't it sound like fun, Ako-chan?
Ako: Uh-huh! I can't wait for this weekend~♪
