event116-04 Chapter 3: Ako and Rin-rin's Combat Lesson

Yukina and Lisa practice their battle skills. The inexperienced pair have a long road ahead of them…

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Yorbei Mines]

Lisa: No~! Aw, come on! This is impossible! I can't get the timing down at all~...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Lisa-nee! You're almost there! Your timing was only a little off just now!
RinRin (Rinko): You can link your ability with Ako-chan's magic by pressing the button at the exact moment her spell is cast. o(>ω<)o Let's start over and give it one more try. (*´ω`)ﾉﾞ
Lisa: Huh? We're doing this again~...? You two are like drill instructors~...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): If this is enough to stop you, then you'll never be able to take down that dragon!
Lisa: Argh~, alright already! You made your point. Just let me rest for a moment.
Lisa: Trying to time everything around both the party's and the monsters' actions makes me feel like my brain is going to explode.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Your timing is perfect when we play music together, so you'll get the hang of it with enough practice!
Lisa: So it's kinda like the bass... Wow, I never thought of it that way~...
Sayo: I suppose it's natural to be tired. Let's take a short break after this battle.
Sayo: Minato-san seems to be struggling as well...
Yukina: Press this button, and then do this... Hm? Isn't this... the item window?
Yukina: That can't be right. Umm... Was this the one?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yukina-san, that opens the chat window!
Yukina: So it does... This makes reading the chat much easier.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): That's not the point~.
Sayo: Goodness... Please calm down, you two.
RinRin (Rinko): There's no need to do everything at once. ( 'ω' )/ Please take it slowly and press each button one at a time.
Yukina: Take it slowly, one at a time...
Lisa: You say that, but~...
Sayo: I will intercept the monsters' attacks, so please take your time and confirm each button before pressing.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Leave the tricky stuff to us!
Lisa: (Sayo has been taking the brunt of the attacks since we started. As for Ako and Rinko... They're making it so I'm able to finish off the monsters with my attack.)
Lisa: (Everyone is doing their part to help out. I have to try and keep up!)
Lisa: Sure thing! I'll try a little harder this time...!
Yukina: ...
RinRin (Rinko): Are you okay, Yukina-san?
Yukina: Yes, I'm fine.
Yukina: I finally understand which buttons perform what actions. I should now be able to participate in any upcoming battles.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Are you sure? You've been messing up left and right until now...
RinRin (Rinko): She has slowly been able to fire off her abilities successfully, so I'm sure she'll be fine.
Sayo: And if things go sour, we will be there to cover for you.
RinRin (Rinko): Exactly. Now, let's proceed further into the mines.
RinRin (Rinko): Depending on how big the dungeon actually is, we might want to try heading straight for the Tiara of Blessing.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Really?! Isn't that a little hasty?
Sayo: I see no problem with it.
Sayo: Doing nothing but grinding is starting to get tiring... Besides, I should be...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Should be what? Is there something I'm missing?
Sayo: ... No, never mind what I said. Anyway, let's try pressing further into the dungeon.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): ...? I'm fine with that if you are...
RinRin (Rinko): ...
RinRin (Rinko): (Hikawa-san is acting strangely... Is there something on her mind...?)
Yukina: It looks like we're unsure of how to proceed. Rinko, what do you feel is the best course of action?
RinRin (Rinko): Huh? Σ(ﾟﾛﾟ；) Ah, right! I don't think it'll be a problem to keep going further into the mines!
RinRin (Rinko): We'll give it a try, and if things feel too difficult, we can go back to grinding for a bit.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): That makes sense. We'll go with that, then! Lisa-nee, Yukina-san! It's time for your true battle debut!
Lisa: Hearing that makes me feel a little nervous, but... yeah, I have to try my best.
Lisa: Watch the enemy's movement, confirm your party members' positions, and then make your move... Alright. Let's try to be useful this time, Yukina!
Yukina: Okay. At the very least, I should be able to avoid opening the item window.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): A-are you guys really ready for this~...?
