event65-06 Chapter 5: The Last Act

We've reached the finale of the talent show. Will Kasumi and Aya's act go over without a hitch...?!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Stage - New Year's Party]

Sayo: Marina-san's guitar skills were even better than I expected...
Hina: No kidding! She was so good!
Aya: Give it up for Marina-san~!!
Maya: Even coming off of Tsurumaki-san and Okusawa-san's act, she still managed to give an amazing performance...
Kasumi: And now, we've come to our final act! I'm proud to present... Aya-senpai and myself!
Aya: We've got this, Kasumi-chan!
Kokoro: So you two are in the talent show too! What are you going to do?! I can't wait!
Kasumi: For our talent, we will be performing a few magic tricks~!
Aya: We've been practicing really hard for today, so we hope you'll enjoy the show!
Arisa: Of all the things they could have done, those two chose magic, huh? Seems like a bad choice to me...
Aya: H-huh? Why does everyone looks so nervous? You guys worry too much! Our magic is sure to brighten up your day!
Kasumi: Come on, guys! Get excited! It'll be fine! We've already set up everything for our big reveal anyway!
Aya: K-Kasumi-chan! You're going to spoil the surprise!
Kasumi: Ah, right! Sorry about that, everyone! Forget everything you just heard!
Chisato: Fufu. Those two are so similar, aren't they?
Arisa: Yeah, you really get the feeling that they shouldn't be left alone together...
Kasumi: Okay, Aya-senpai, shall we begin?!
Aya: Yeah! Let's do it, Kasumi-chan!
(Black cut)
Aya: In my hands, I have a single piece of newspaper! Now, if I roll it into a cylinder like so...
Arisa: Here we go... Isn't this the trick where you pour water into the newspaper? It's a pretty basic one, so why am I so nervous...?
Kasumi: And here I have a cup of water, which I will now pour into the newspaper!
Chisato: ... Isn't that a lot of water? That should be more than enough.
Hina: Whoa, they managed to pour it all in! Great job, Aya-chan!
Aya: Once we open up the newspaper... We see that the water has mysteriously disappeared!
Maya: Oh~! Good job, Aya-san, Toyama-san! That was perfect!
Aya: Next, I'll scrunch up this newspaper into a ball. Yup, that's a ball, all right. No getting "around" that! Fufu!
Chisato: Aya-chan, how about getting "around" to the actual trick?
Aya: R-right!  If we open it up like so...
Arisa: Oh~! The newspaper turned into a white handkerchief!
Eve: Aya-san, you're doing great!
Kasumi: Now I'll take this handkerchief, place it over this top hat and...!
Kokoro: Look, Misaki! A wand appeared from the hat! That was terrific! How did they do that?!
Misaki: Yeah, I don't think that's the part you're suppose to get excited about. Calm down and pay attention. You're making it harder for them to concentrate.
Ako: Whoa! Rin-rin, did you see that?! One wand became two, right before our very eyes!
Rinko: So far... so good... G-good luck, you two...
Aya: Finally, we'll place the handkerchief inside the top hat!
Arisa: Phew~, looks like we're coming up to the finale... We haven't had any mistakes yet.
Chisato: Perhaps they really can finish this incident free.
Arisa: Come on, Kasumi...
Chisato: That's it, Aya-chan...
All: You can do it~!!
Aya: Okay, Kasumi-chan, ready to say the magic words?!
Kasumi: I sure am! Here we go~!
Kasumi & Aya: Fluffy! Pink! Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa~!!
(White cut)
Kasumi: Happy New Year, everybody!!
Aya: Here's to another amazing year~!!
All: ...
Kasumi & Aya: ... Huh?!
Kasumi: Oh no! They're upside down! Just pretend they're right-side up!
Aya: We were supposed to finish off strong... I can't believe we screwed up at the very end... Argh~!
