event65-03 Chapter 2: The Meaning of Bushido

Next up for the talent show is Eve. She reveals the fruits of her grueling training with...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[CiRCLE Stage - New Year's Party]

Kasumi: And now for our next act!
Aya: Please welcome to the stage Pastel＊Palettes' very own keyboardist, Eve Wakamiya-chan~!
Eve: Hello, everyone! Thank you for coming! Today, I shall be performing with these!
Aya: Are those... throwing stars?
Eve: Yes! I will be using them to pop a line of balloons! I call this technique "Balloon-Popping Throwing Star"!
Maya: Th-the 'Balloon-Popping Throwing Star'... I didn't know you had that kind of talent...
Eve: Actually, I learned this skill and trained with these stars for this very day! This is my bushido spirit!
Chisato: Lately it feels like I've lost track of what Eve-chan means by "bushido"...
Hina: Ahaha, this should be fun~!  Good luck, Eve-chan~!
Eve: We must now make the necessary preparations! This will not take long, so please be patient!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Alright, the screens are all set, and I lined up the balloons... How does it look, Eve-chan? Will this work?
Eve: Yes, thank you very much! We're ready, Aya-san!
Aya: And with that, we now present Eve-chan's Balloon-Popping Throwing Star technique!
Eve: Here I go! Hoo~... Haa~...
Chisato: It looks like she's trying to focus her energy.
Maya: There are about five meters between her and the balloons... It's going to be difficult to hit them at that distance.
Hina: Plus she's gotta hit all three balloons. That sounds pretty tough.
Aya: You've got this, Eve-chan...
Eve: ... There!  Yah!
Maya: Oh! A bull's-eye for the first star!
Eve: Yah!
Chisato: That leaves one more balloon! You can do it, Eve-chan!
Eve: Yah~! Bushido~!!
Hina: Whoa~!! You did it, Eve-chan! You popped all three! What a boppin' show♪
Kokoro: What a stupendous performance! You must be the descendant of a ninja!
Misaki: Didn't you say that to Kanon-san before? Just how many people with ninja ancestors do you think we know?
Eve: Phew~, thank you, but this wasn't anything special. I'm just glad that they all broke!
Kasumi: That was so cool~! One last time, give it up for Eve-chan~!
Aya: Good for you, Eve-chan!
Eve: Thank you! I could not have done it without all of your support!
Maya: Uhm, Eve-san, I have a question! Were those throwing stars real?
Eve: No, I made these myself out of wood!
Maya: Huh?! They're handmade?!
Eve: After a lot of trial and error, I finally managed to make something that flies through the air with ease!
Maya: That's a talent in and of itself...
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Our next act is... O-Tae! Come on up~!
Tae: That's my cue. Wish me luck!
Arisa: H-hold on... You entered this talent show too?
Saya: Good luck~.
Rimi: I wonder what her talent will be.
Aya: For her performance, Tae-chan will be doing... a rabbit impersonation, right?
Tae: Yup! Specifically, I'll be doing an impression of a rabbit eating a carrot.
Arisa: A rabbit impersonation, huh...? I've got a bad feeling about this...
Tae: Alright, here I go. Pay close attention to my mouth now.
Arisa: Hmm... Did she already start? She's just baring her front teeth and nibbling...
Arisa: W-well... I suppose that is what a rabbit does... Haha, hahaha...
Arisa: ...
Arisa: Isn't this going on... a bit too long?
Rimi: Sh-she's not saying anything... She just keeps nibbling away...
Arisa: W-wait... Is this all she's going to do...?
Saya: Look at her face... It's so expressionless, like her mind has gone completely blank...
Hina: Ahaha! O-Tae-chan, this is hilarious!!
Arisa: Seriously... It's still going... Th-that takes courage, I'll give her that...
Tae: ... All done. How did I do? Did I look like a rabbit?
Arisa: Yes, you did a great job! Now get back here~!
Tae: Now, for my next impression...
Arisa: There's more?!
