event65-01 Opening: Something New for the New Year

Everyone gathers for a new year's party at CiRCLE. However, this isn't just a party...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE Stage - New Year's Party]

Kasumi: Alright, I think that's everyone. Aya-senpai, are you ready for our toast?
Aya: Sure am! Everybody, grab a glass~. Ah, does everyone have enough juice? We've still got plenty to go around~.
Kasumi: Let's see~, looks like everyone's all set.  Okay, and with that, our 2020 New Year's Party can officially begin! On three! One.. Two... Three!
Kasumi & Aya: Happy New Year! Cheers!
All: Cheers~!
Kasumi: Thank you so, so, so much, Marina-san! I never thought we'd be able to have our party here at CiRCLE!
Marina: Nah, I didn't do anything special. The owner was really moved by how badly you wanted to have your party here.
Marina: Besides, we put a cover over all the equipment, and Aya-chan made sure the entire floor was covered by the tarp.
Aya: Can't have the stage getting dirty!
Kasumi: And since we were able to have our party here, the members of the Girls Band Party are all in one place again!
Marina: Oho~, now that's really something~. It really shows how close you guys are.
Aya: How long has it been since we've all been together?
Kasumi: I bet it's been since the joint concert we did!
Aya: Oh yeah, I think you're right!
Kokoro: Kasumi~! Aya~! We're all done setting up the food I brought! I had them put it in the back!
Kasumi: Whoa~! Thank you so much, Kokoron! Make sure you let the suit people know how much we appreciate it~!
Misaki: Why does CiRCLE suddenly look like a hotel buffet...?
Lisa: Hey Kasumi! I brought some food too, so I'm going to put it over here☆
Kasumi: Wow! Thanks, Lisa-san! We can't call it a party without Lisa-san's delicious cooking!
Hina: Oh~! Lisa-chi's food looks so good~! Come on, Sis, let's go grab some!
Sayo: Don't pull on my arm like that. My juice is going to spill.
Tsugumi: The food you made is so colorful~. Rolled egg, simmered chicken and vegetables, roast beef... Would you consider having a cooking class at my family's café?
Lisa: Ahaha, no way, I could never teach a cooking class. I just wanted to try making New Year's dishes. I had to find recipes online and follow those step-by-step.
Tsugumi: Still, for your first time, this looks like the work of a professional chef!
Lisa: Hey, Yukina! Hurry up and get something to eat! Do you want me to grab a plate for you?
Yukina: I'm fine. I can do it myself.
Kasumi: What about you, Arisa? You brought food too, right?
Arisa: I-I did but... I don't know, it doesn't even compare to all this amazing food...
Lisa: Really~? I want to see! What did you make?
Arisa: W-wait, I didn't make it, my grandma did. I just helped her put everything in the container.
Kasumi: You helped out a little though, right? You sent us all a picture earlier.
Kasumi: Ever since she made chocolates with Lisa-san, she's been doing more and more cooking. Isn't that right, Arisa?
Lisa: Really?! That's so good to hear~!
Arisa: K-Kasumi~, you and your big mouth!
Lisa: Hurry up and show us already! I want to see your dish!
Arisa: ... W-well, here it is.
Lisa: Wow! That's so cool! These osechi dishes just scream "New Year's!" Arisa's grandma would be perfect for a cooking class! Arisa could be her assistant!
Tsugumi: She's right, this is amazing... We'd love to have you! What do you think, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: No way! Absolutely not! I could never be an assistant or anything like that!
Aya: Chisato-chan, Kaoru-san, did you get something to eat? We've got desserts over there too!
Kaoru: My thanks, Aya. What a marvelous party. The perfect celebration for the dawn of a new year.
Chisato: Wasn't it difficult planning such an extravagant party?
Aya: Nope. I had Kasumi-chan helping me, so it was actually a lot of fun!
Chisato: Now that I think about it, you were often contacting Kasumi-chan in between jobs, weren't you?
Kaoru: Ah...! Is this ozoni I see? What a refined array of delicacies you've procured for us.
Aya: Marina-san made that. She said we couldn't have a New Year's Party without ozoni.
Kaoru: Fufu, indeed. Indulging in such a fleeting cuisine can't hurt every once in a while.
Chisato: That's right, you always have liked ozoni, haven't you?
Aya: Huh? Really? That's a surprise.
Kaoru: Fufu... I enjoy foods from all over the world. Ozoni is but one of those.
Chisato: Is that so?
Kasumi: Okay, everyone~! It's time to start the main event~!
Aya: That's right, Kasumi-chan! We've got quite the lineup, so let's get this show on the road!
Kasumi: Alright, then come on up...
Kasumi: Ready?! And now...
Aya: The members of Girls Band Party are proud to present...
Kasumi & Aya: Our New Year's Talent Show~!
