event65-05 Chapter 4: The Three Pros

Kokoro's group performs a juggling act for everyone. The party gets more and more lively...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE Stage - New Year's Party]

Kasumi: Wasn't Sayo-senpai and Hina-san's tablecloth trick amazing?!
Aya: Absolutely. Those two were completely in sync. No one but those two could pull off something like that!
Kasumi: Alright! There's still more to come, folks! Up next we have... Kokoron and Misaki-chan~!
Kokoro: Misaki! It's finally happening! We're up!
Misaki: Yup, here we go~...
Aya: For their act, the two of them will be dazzling us with their juggling skills~!
Kasumi: But before all that, Kokoron! Do you have anything you want to say to the audience?!
Kokoro: Misaki and I did oodles and oodles of practicing, so I hope you're excited!
Misaki: Hold on, I'm the only one who had to actually practice. You got the hang of it almost immediately.
Aya: And what about you, Misaki-chan? What's on your mind?
Misaki: Well~, this is probably pretty obvious, but I'm just here because Kokoro forced me to. As for what's on my mind...
Misaki: If I had to pick something, I guess it'd be that I just want to get this over with. Once it's done, I can actually relax.
Aya: It sure sounds like the two of you are super pumped!
Misaki: Huh? Were you listening to a word I said?!
Kokoro: Hurry up, Misaki! Let's get started!
Misaki: Okay, okay. I'm coming.
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Looks like they're all ready, so take it away~!
Kokoro: Here we go! Whee~!
Hagumi: Wow! Kokoron and Mii-kun are so good~!
Kanon: Fue~... Just watching them is making me dizzy...
Kaoru: Oho, now our dear Kokoro is tossing the balls to Misaki. So they'll be juggling the balls between the two of them. What a fleeting performance.
Kanon: All those balls going back and forth... How are they keeping track of everything? I'm completely lost.
Saya: Actually... Aren't they a bit too good at this? I feel like I'm watching professional jugglers...
Arisa: Okusawa-san made it sound like she didn't really care, but she clearly spent a lot of time practicing. There's no way she'd be able to do all this if she hadn't...
Kokoro: Hm? Misaki, what's wrong with everyone? I thought we'd see more smiles than this.
Misaki: I told you, remember? Our performance is so good, it's actually frightening. I knew we shouldn't have gone this far...
Kokoro: I don't really get it, but come on, Misaki! Now that we're done warming up, let's move on to the main event!
Arisa: What?! That was the warm-up?! What kind of juggling are they going to do?!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: And there you have it, folks! Kokoron and Misaki-chan's juggling act~!
Aya: I never expected to see someone juggle while riding a unicycle... That was incredible~!
Kokoro: It was super fun too! Which is why we'll be adding juggling to Hello, Happy World!'s live act!
Kanon: What...?! K-Kokoro-chan, you can't just decide something like that so suddenly~!!
Misaki: Kokoro, calm down and think for a moment. You're scaring Kanon-san.
Kokoro: I am? Alright, then how about we have Michelle do it?
Misaki: Sigh~...  We'll talk about this later...
Kasumi: Give it up one more time for Kokoron and Misaki-chan!
(Black cut)
Aya: This talent show sure is going by fast, isn't it? We're already down to the last two acts!
Arisa: There are still two acts to go, huh...? It's gonna be pretty tough following that juggling performance.
Rimi: You're right. Whatever comes next has to get the audience really excited...
Tae: I think I could do that. Should I go up there and do my impressions again?
Arisa: Don't even think about it!
Aya: And now, please welcome our next performer~!
Marina: H-hey guys~...
Arisa: What?! Marina-san?!
Marina: Sorry. It never crossed my mind that you'd have such outrageous talents...
Aya: For her act, Marina-san will be playing her guitar for us~!
Marina: I don't know if this is appropriate for a talent show like this... but I've always wanted to play for you all, so I thought this would be a good opportunity to do so...
Tae: We finally get to hear Marina-san's guitar skills! I've always wanted to see this!
Rimi: M-me too! I'm so excited!
Kasumi: You were in a five-person girls band just like us, weren't you, Marina-san?
Marina: It's been a while since then, so I might be a bit rusty, but I'll give it my all!
Aya: And with that, Marina-san, take it away!
Marina: Hoo~... Haa~...  Okay~! Here I go!
(Black cut)
