event65-02 Chapter 1: Let the Show Begin!

Aya and Kasumi host a talent show for New Year's. First up is Ako's group. What kind of act will they have...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Stage - New Year's Party]

Kasumi: This is it, our New Year's Talent Show! Your hosts today are myself, the guitarist and vocalist for Poppin'Party, Kasumi Toyama, and...
Aya: Me! Aya Maruyama, the fluffy, pink member of Pastel＊Palettes!
Kasumi: Applause~!
Arisa: Hey... Are those two really going to be okay hosting this thing?
Saya: I'm a little worried too... Let's keep an eye on them for now.
Kasumi: Aya-senpai! The New Year's Talent Show is finally here!
Aya: Yeah, it's hard to believe it's finally here, isn't it?
Kasumi: Seeing everyone staring up at us... It really feels like we're finally here!
Aya: Totally! ... Uhm, I was just thinking to myself, "So it's finally here!"
Arisa: They just keep repeating themselves... This doesn't look good...
Tae: Maybe they're just nervous.
Rimi: Well, everyone's staring at them. If it were me up there, I'd be shaking...
Arisa: No, I think she's just trying so hard to sound like a professional host that she ends up not sounding like one at all.
Saya: Oho~, you would know, Arisa. You're practically a Kasumi expert, aren't you~?.
Arisa: I am not! And Kasumi! Wrap up the opening speech and move on to the next part!
Kasumi: R-right! And now, on to the main event! Please welcome our first group to the stage~!
Ako: Fufufu... The power of the ancient dancers within me shall... Uhm... explode! Kaboom!
Tomoe: So we're the first ones up, huh? That makes me a little nervous.
Hagumi: Don't worry, Tomo-chin, we'll do great! That's what all that practice was for! Isn't that right, Lisa-senpai?!
Lisa: Yeah! I mean, we've got members from both schools' dance clubs! We'll do great for sure!
Aya: Up first, we have Ako-chan, Tomoe-chan, Hagumi-chan, and Lisa-chan with a hip-hop dance number! Let's give them a round of applause~.
Ran: You're in the talent show? That's not like you.
Tomoe: Well~, Ako kinda forced my hand. She said she really wanted to dance with me. I couldn't say no to that.
Moca: You never could turn down Ako-chin's requests~.
Kasumi: When I started looking for participants for this show, Ako was the first one to contact me! Isn't that right?
Ako: It sure is! My sister's the coolest dancer ever, so I want everyone to see it!
Tomoe: Wh-whoa there, Ako! You're setting the bar awfully high there!
Ako: It's fine! No matter what they're expecting, your dancing is sure to blow them out of the water! I hope the audience can handle it!
Tomoe: Come on, now the bar's even higher...
Hagumi: We thought up this routine all by ourselves!
Ako: Yeah! The best part is when my sister has her solo dance right in the middle of the stage! It's super cool~!
Lisa: A-Ako! If you say too much, it'll spoil the surprise!
Ako: Ah! Sorry!
Tomoe: If this keeps up, the crowd's expectations are going to get out of control... Come on! Let's go!
Lisa, Ako, Tomoe & Hagumi: Yeah!
Ako: Cue music!
(Black cut)
Yukina: They look like professionals up there. I can't believe Lisa invited me to join them...
Rinko: A-Ako-chan... asked me the same thing...
Yukina: Did they really think we could do such complicated steps? I'm glad I turned her down.
Rinko: M-me too... Just watching them... wears me out...
Himari: Whoa, did you see that turn just now?! Tomoe and Ako-chan are so in sync!
Moca: Tomo-chin made it sound like she was forced into it, but I don't know~. It seems like she's having fun to me~.
Ran: Check out her face. Does that look like someone who was forced into it...?
Moca: Hm~, it sure doesn't~.
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Thank you very much~! That hip-hop dance number was brought to you by Ako, Tomoe-chan, Lisa-san, and Hagu! Let's give them another round of applause~!
Hagumi: Phew~, that felt amazing~! Dancing is the best!
Kanon: So was seeing your smiling face, Hagumi-chan. I was having fun just watching you.
Hagumi: Wow, thanks, Kano-chan-senpai! Yay~! Hearing you say that makes me so happy~!
Ako: You looked super cool dancing, Sis!
Tomoe: C-come on, Ako~. It wasn't anything special.
Ako: Especially your solo! Even from the sidelines, it was amazing!
Tomoe: ... You thought so too?  Something about that part just felt right~.
Ako: Dancing with you was so much fun, Sis! Thanks for doing this with me!
Tomoe: No problem, I had fun too. Thanks for inviting me, Ako.
Lisa: Phew~, it's finally over~. What did you think of our dance, Yukina? Didn't we look like pros up there~?
Yukina: I suppose so... It wasn't so bad.
Lisa: Hahaha... 'Wasn't so bad', huh? Sounds like you've been hanging around Ran an awful lot lately.
Yukina: I-I don't know about that... I'm not sure how you expected myself and Rinko to dance like that though.
Lisa: R-really? I think you'd be fine...
Yukina: Why did you invite us?
Lisa: S-sorry... Wait, are you mad?
Yukina: No... I just want to know why you invited us.
Lisa: You are mad! I said I'm sorry, didn't I?!
