event65-07 Ending: Happy New Year!

With the talent show over, the girls discuss the entertaining event.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE Stage - New Year's Party]

Kasumi: And with that, our New Year's Talent Show has come to an end! We hope you enjoy the rest of the party!
Marina: Kasumi-chan, Aya-chan, thanks for throwing such a great party!
Kasumi: Ah, Marina-san! We're the ones who should be thanking you! We have to contact the owner after this too!
Marina: I took a video of your talent show, so I'll watch it with the owner when I've got the chance.
Aya: Did you happen to get your incredible guitar work on video? I'd love to watch it again if you did! Could you send it to me?
Kasumi: Ah! Send it to me too!
Kokoro: Kasumi! Aya! Your magic show was stupend-erific! Next year, I want to do a magic show!
Kasumi: And your juggling was amazing, Kokoron, Misaki-chan! I never expected you to juggle while riding a unicycle!
Misaki: Neither did I.  That was all Kokoro.
Aya: Huh?! Wait, that was all improvised?!
Kokoro: You bet! I thought of it when we were getting ready! As soon as I told Misaki, I found a unicycle next to the stage!
Misaki: Yeah~, I'm sure we all know how it got there.
Ako: Ah, Kasumi, Aya-senpai! That magic show was so good! My hands were shaking with excitement the whole time!
Aya: Thanks, Ako-chan. Too bad we messed it up at the end there... Ehehe.
Kasumi: Your group's routine was so cool~! It made me want to get up and dance too!
Ako: Didn't it?! And the best part had to be my sister's solo, right?! She really is the coolest person in the world~!
Tomoe: Ako~, come on, cut it out... You're embarrassing me.
Ako: But I just want people to know how awesome you are! Ah, Yukina-san! What did you think of my sister's dance?!
Tomoe: W-wait a minute, Ako~!
Moca: Fufu~. There they go again. Tomo-chin's at Ako-chin's mercy once again~.
Ran: Isn't that how it always is?
Aya: Ah! Moca-chan, Ran-chan!
Kasumi: Thanks for coming today!
Moca: Oho~, if it isn't the world's greatest magical duo~. You put on a great show~. Isn't that right, Ran?
Ran: Well~, I guess it wasn't so bad.
Moca: Coming from Ran, those are great words of praise.
Kasumi: Your performance was amazing too, Moca-chan! I can't believe you got every single bakery right! Talk about awe-inspiring.
Moca: Did you hear that, Ran~? Sounds like Poppin'Party knows talent when they see it~.
Ran: Yeah, yeah. It was cool, okay? There, happy now?
Moca: Grrr~, not with that tone~. You're so mean. I should have Saya break it down for you again. Then you'll get it.
Ran: Yeah, no. I've already heard it a hundred times!
Tae: Kasumi, Aya-senpai! Thanks for today! That talent show was so fun!
Kasumi: Ah, O-Tae~! Thank you~!
Tae: Did you enjoy my rabbit impression?
Kasumi: ... Yeah, uhm, how do I put this...? I definitely thought it was something only you could do... Isn't that right, Aya-senpai?
Aya: Y-yeah! It was... r-really good!
Tae: It's too bad I didn't have enough time to do everything I wanted. Next year I'll be sure to reserve an extra time slot so I can do even more impressions.
Kasumi: S-sure... I can't wait.
(Black cut)
Kasumi: ... Sigh~, good job today, Aya-senpai! I'm so glad I got to host and enter the talent show with you!
Aya: No, I should be saying the same to you! I just feel bad that I messed up at the very end... Sigh~, I'm sorry~.
Kasumi: No, I'm sorry too... I'm the one who was holding them upside down!
Arisa: Why are you apologizing? You two don't have anything to feel bad about. Apart from the end, that show was perfect.
Kasumi: Huh? Arisa?
Arisa: You two seemed a little disappointed, so I came over...
Kasumi: O-of course we are~! I mean, we practiced so hard. I wanted the end of our act to look cool~.
Arisa: I don't know. Personally, I liked it. That last part just seemed more "you," which was nice to see.
Kasumi: R-really...?
Arisa: Really. If that's the only place you messed up, you can't call it a failure.
Saya: You would know, wouldn't you, Arisa? You were even more nervous than Kasumi was, watching over her like that.
Arisa: I-I was not.
Chisato: Fufu, I think I know what you mean though. I can't really explain it either, but it put me at ease to see your performance end the way it did. You made that performance unique.
Aya: Chisato-chan... Wait, does that mean everyone was worried about us?
Chisato: Not at all. I suppose you could say...seeing you two work so hard made us want to cheer you on.
Chisato: This wonderful party was only possible because of your hard work. Kasumi-chan, Aya-chan, this was a lot of fun. Thank you.
Arisa: Yeah, I agree... Thanks.
Kasumi: Thank you, Arisa, Chisato-senpai! But don't say this "was" a lot of fun! The party's not over yet! Come on, let's enjoy ourselves!
Aya: Yeah, you're right!  It's too early to use past tense!
Kasumi: There's no stopping us now! We've still got a bunch of stuff in store for you guys!
Aya: And I hope you'll be there to cheer us on the whole time.
Arisa & Chisato: Fufu...
Arisa & Chisato: Fine, whatever! Fine by me.
