event189-06 Chapter 5: Spotlight, Sunbeam

The sky is gray. Inside the live house, Himari shouts under the spotlight.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Tomoe: ... Alright, my drum setup is perfect! I'm ready for the pic whenever you guys are.
Moca: Taking a group photo on stage kinda sounds like something pros would do~.
Himari: ...
Ran: Since we're already borrowing the stage, I might wanna play after the picture's done.
Tsugumi: Yeah, it's already set up, after all.
Himari: ...
Moca: Hii-chan, what's up~? Are you nervous for the photo~?
Himari: Ah, uh, th-that's not it. Uh...
Ran: Himari...?
Tsugumi: Himari-chan...
Himari: ...
Tomoe: H-hey, Himari. Why're you climbing up on stage by yourself? Also, that's not your normal spot.
Moca: Hii-chan, are you gonna make your singing debut?
Himari: No, that's not it... Can I talk to you guys for a little bit?
Himari: I'll be quick. I just have something that I want to say...
Himari: I feel like I'll be able to speak with confidence right here like Ran does during our shows.
Himari: After all, you said it yourself, Ran. Center stage, right in front of the mic, is a mysterious spot.
Ran: Himari...
Himari: ... You guys-
Himari: ... You guys, I'm sorry! I actually want to give up on Future World Fes!
Tomoe: Huh? Wh-what's the deal with you saying that so suddenly?
Moca: Did you get scared or something?
Himari: That's not it. What do we actually want to do by participating in Future World Fes...?
Himari: When I gave it some thought, I thought that maybe this isn't right for us.
Tomoe: What about it isn't right for us?
Himari: ...
Himari: Roselia's performance at the last festival was amazing, wasn't it? It was unbelievable and dazzling to the point where I wanted to put on one just like it.
Himari: But... but I nearly forgot something. We're not Roselia. We're Afterglow.
Himari: ...
Himari: We declare war by calling all other girl bands our rivals, and we use everything we've got to take on whoever comes before us.
Himari: We don't chase after Roselia. We clear our own path with our own hands.
Himari: We get all sorts of inspiration from all kinds of bands, but we change that into our own style... We hold our heads high when we say who we are.
Himari: ... If even one of us has a problem or doubt, the rest of us do everything we can to help them.
Himari: That is the Afterglow that I love.
Himari: I don't want us to become anything else. I want us to stay as Afterglow.
Ran: ... Himari...
Himari: Ran, you were thinking about this when we went to RAS's concert, weren't you? Now that I think about it, you already realized that what I was saying was weird, right?
Himari: But I got carried away saying that I wanted to take part in it, so I think you probably held back for my sake and didn't tell me I was wrong.
Himari: Thanks, Ran.
Ran: ... I don't deserve to be thanked for that. I wasn't doing it for you anyway.
Ran: I actually wanted to put on an amazing concert like Roselia did, and I thought that might happen if we participated.
Ran: Something felt off, but I ignored it. Since you were the one who said it, I thought that path might actually lead to our ultimate show, so I just didn't think about it properly.
Ran: Sorry about that, Himari.
Himari: Don't apologize! ... So you were thinking the same as me.
Moca: We always say we have our sights set on the greatest show ever... but we probably didn't know what that was~.
Tomoe: Come to think of it, we still don't know! I wonder what it'll be like.
Tsugumi: We might not know yet, but... since we don't, let's go look for it.
Himari: Yeah. We'll look for it, and after that... We'll be different from Poppin'Party, Hello, Happy World!, Pastel＊Palettes, and Morfonica...
Himari: And we'll be different from RAS and Roselia too. Let's find our own ultimate performance.
Ran: If we do that, then I'm sure we'll be able to create it. Our own legend.
Tsugumi: Yeah.
Tomoe: Yep.
Moca: Right~.
Himari: ... Thanks, you guys.
Himari: In order for us to follow our own unique path...
Himari: For now... let's give up on entering Future World Fes!
