event189-03 Chapter 2: A Place to Change the World

Himari is excited about the festival. LOCK invites her to a certain place...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Himari: Afterglow is a band made up of five childhood friends- No, no, I don't think that needs to be said at this point.
Himari: The lyrics for Afterglow's songs are made up of all of our feelings and- That doesn't feel right either...
Himari: Hmm, it needs to be something with more of an impact...
LOCK (Rokka): Oh? Himari-senpai. What are you doing?
Himari: Ah, Rokka! Actually, I'm practicing my emceeing.
LOCK (Rokka): Emceeing...? For a concert?
Himari: Yep. Afterglow has decided to take part in Future World Fes.
LOCK (Rokka): Future World Fes...! That's the festival Roselia took part in, isn't it?!
Himari: Yeah! That said, we have to play in the preliminary contest first. So I was thinking of how I can appeal to the audience when I emcee.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, that's amazing... For us, we always just say what we want in the heat of the moment.
Himari: Well, we normally do that too... but if we're gonna take part in this festival, I want to do everything I can!
LOCK (Rokka): That's true! I'll be cheering you on!
Himari: Thanks! How are things on your end, Rokka?
LOCK (Rokka): Things couldn't be better, of course! We even have a concert this weekend.
LOCK (Rokka): We're all so raring to go we can hardly wait.
Himari: Wow...! I bet a RAS concert would be really exciting.
LOCK (Rokka): Of course. We'll do what we can to get everyone pumped up!
Himari: Pumping up a crowd... Yeah, I should research that more too.
Himari: If we can put on a lively show like you guys do... then I'm sure we'd-...
LOCK (Rokka): ... Hey, I know! Why don't you come to our concert? You could bring along the rest of Afterglow too if you'd like!
Himari: Huh? Are you sure?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! I'll set aside some tickets for you, so please come!
Himari: Thanks! I'll ask the others!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Live House]

Himari: ... Amazing. The crowd's already buzzing before the show's even begun...! RAS's fans sure are fired up!
Ran: Their audience really is slightly different to ours. Look. Those people over there are probably industry insiders.
Tsugumi: Industry insiders... That just goes to show how much attention RAS's concerts attract.
Tomoe: Since it's RAS... that means CHU² is here too, obviously~...
Moca: Do I sense another fated showdown~? Tomo-chin, you're not good at dealing with CHU², huh~?
Tomoe: Th-there's not gonna be any showdown! And I can't help it. She reminds me of that one interview...
Moca: Well, you have a point~. She really zeroed in on a sore spot for you back then~.
Himari: Tomoe, I know how you feel, but let's just enjoy ourselves today! RAS's concert seems like it'll be really informative for us!
Tsugumi: Informative? Himari-chan, were you really thinking about that side of it too?
Himari: Of course! We have to research all sorts of bands for the festival!
Himari: Their musical techniques, and their stage usage... We've gotta learn all their good tricks!
Himari: We might even learn what kind of performances the industry insiders that've come to watch approve of!
Himari: I'm sure that we'll be able to make use of this knowledge at the festival!
Ran: So we're looking for approval from industry insiders... huh...?
Moca: Raaannn~. What's the matter~?
Ran: N-nah. It's nothing. Something just feels...
Moca: Feels~?
Ran: ... Sorry, I'm probably imagining things. Forget it.
Moca: Really~? If you say so~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Ah...
Himari: Looks like it's gonna start...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
LAYER (Rei): ...
LAYER (Rei): From here on out, we're gonna change the world.
