event189-02 Chapter 1: Coffee Time Full of Dreams

No time like the present. Himari is preparing their festival application.

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: ... Thank you very much. Please come again.
Tsugumi: Welcom-
Tsugumi: Ah, Himari-chan!
Himari: Hello~. Sigh~, this rain just won't stop~.
Tsugumi: Yeah, we haven't had many customers today because of it. What would you like to drink?
Himari: I'd like some hot coffee since it's a little cold today! Also... ta-dah!
Tsugumi: What's this...? Ah, is this the application for the Future World Fes?
Himari: Yep! I looked it up right away and printed it out! I was thinking I'd fill it out here while having some coffee.
Tsugumi: You're so quick, Himari-chan.
Himari: Ehehe, gotta strike while the iron's hot! It seems like the application period hasn't started yet, but I just couldn't wait!
Himari: Okay, let's get started...! Our band name is Afterglow... Our band was formed in...
(Black cut)
Himari: Ran Mitake on guitar and vocals... Moca Aoba on guitar... Tsugumi Hazawa on keyboard... Tomoe Udagawa on drums...
Himari: Himari Uehara is on bass... and is also the leader! There!
Himari: Phew, filling this out sure has me nervous~!
Himari: Huh?
Himari: Hey, Tsugu? I didn't order any cookies.
Tsugumi: They're a present from me. I had some time earlier, so I baked them for you.
Himari: Tsugu~...!
Himari: Okay, I'll put the application in a file so I don't get it dirty... and I'll take a little break!
Tsugumi: Fufu. Maybe I'll take a break too then.
Himari: Thanks for the treat~... Mmm~! These cookies are deliciously crispy and bittersweet~...!
Tsugumi: I'm glad to hear it. I only put in a little bit of sugar so the cocoa flavor would come through stronger.
Himari: Wow~...! Tsugu, you're a genius!
Tsugumi: Th-there's no need to praise me that much... How's the application going?
Himari: It's going perfectly! There's so much to write, like how our band started, and how many concerts we've done up until now, but...
Himari: I remember everything when it comes to Afterglow!
Tsugumi: Fufu, they're important memories after all.
Himari: Yeah! Ah, that's right. When I turn in this application, it says I have to include a picture of us all.
Tsugumi: I see. In that case, we should take a proper one.
Himari: Right! I wanna make sure we choose the right spot, too!
Himari: We could use CiRCLE... or the school roof!
Himari: Ah, but it might be difficult around this time of year... It just won't stop raining.
Tsugumi: That's true. Why don't we talk with the others and then decide? We should take the photo somewhere that means something to us.
Himari: You bet!
Himari: ... Future World Fes, huh...?
Tsugumi: Himari-chan?
Himari: Ah, sorry. When I think about how we've started to consider joining festivals as big as this, I can't help but feel amazed.
Tsugumi: ... Yeah. It doesn't quite feel real yet, does it?
Himari: Hey, Tsugu. Do you remember Roselia's performance at Future World Fes?
Tsugumi: Of course. I'll never forget it.
Himari: Ehehe, me neither. That show was just incredible, wasn't it?
Himari: Even now, I still get so excited when I recall it... That magical time when each song felt like an eternity but also seemed to end in an instant.
Himari: If we take part in this festival... I wonder if we'll be able to get closer to playing a show like that too.
Tsugumi: ... I'm sure we will.
Himari: Yeah!
Himari: But we won't just be taking part in it! We've gotta aim to win!
Himari: That way, we'll get approached by a music agency like Roselia was, and then we'll make our pro debut...!
Tsugumi: Fufu! Then we definitely have to set our sights on winning it!
