event189-04 Chapter 3: About The Color of the Sky...

The girls are overwhelmed by RAS's performance. CHU² has some harsh words.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Rokka Asahi, Chiyu Tamade)

(Black cut)
(Background change)
Himari: That was incredible! Both the entire performance and LAYER's voice!
Tomoe: Yeah! It was like they were taking swings at us with their music.
Tsugumi: Yeah! The moment I made eye contact with LAYER-chan, it felt like my breath would stop from her intensity alone.
Moca: Even with all that energy, there wasn't a single mistake during their performance... That was pretty skillful~.
Tsugumi, Moca, Himari & Tomoe: Sigh~...
Ran: ... I agree with what you're all saying, but it's time to snap out of that daze and go to their dressing room to say hello.
Ran: They gave us tickets, so we have to thank them for that too.
Himari: Gasp, that's right! Rokka invited us, so we have to thank her properly.
Himari: (I'll thank her for the ticket and tell her how great the concert was. It was so passionate and straightforward. If only we could be like them-)
Himari: Like them...?
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, what's wrong?
Himari: I-it's nothing! C'mon, let's hurry to the dressing room!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Himari: Pardon us~!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Himari-senpai!
Himari: Your show was so intense! Thanks for the ticket!
Ran: Thanks for getting tickets for us too. It wasn't half bad.
LOCK (Rokka): Not at all. I'm so glad you all enjoyed it! Right, CHU²-san?
CHU² (Chiyu): LOCK said she'd invited you, but you actually came.
Himari: Yeah! Seeing a concert like that made me think that we can't let you show us up!
CHU² (Chiyu): I see. Well good for you then.
Himari: Ah! You aren't taking us seriously, are you~?! The legend of Afterglow has already begun, you know!
CHU² (Chiyu): Your legend...?
Himari: Yeah! As the first step for that, we're gonna be participating in the Future World Fes!
Himari: We have to play in the contest first, but we'll definitely take part in the festival and put on a concert like Roselia did!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Like Roselia, huh?
LOCK (Rokka): CHU²-san...?
CHU² (Chiyu): I doubt you'd be able to participate in the festival as you are now, but I imagine you'll at least be able to make some memories.
Himari: Huh?
Tomoe: CHU², what's that supposed to mean?
CHU² (Chiyu): There's no deeper meaning to it. I'm just telling you the truth.
CHU² (Chiyu): Music isn't so easy-going that you could all accomplish something as you are now.
Tsugumi: Why would you...
Moca: ... Well, it'd be rude to overstay our visit~. So why don't we head home now~?
Moca: Well then, RAS people, see ya again sometime~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Ran, Moca, Tomoe & Tsugumi: ...
Himari: I wonder why CHU²-chan said something like that...
Tomoe: You don't think she's trying to crush any potential rivals because RAS is planning on entering too, do you?!
Tsugumi: That couldn't be it... I'm sure she has some reason.
Ran: Yeah, I think so too. And it's not just CHU². I'm also kinda unsure...
Moca: ... Aren't you all just stunned by what CHU² said?
Moca: I'm not saying you shouldn't think about it... but I think brooding too much will make your head spin~.
Moca: It's already gloomy and depressing as it is because of the rainy season~.
Himari: R-right. I'm sure that's it!
Himari: But...
Tsugumi: Himari-chan...?
Himari: ...
Himari: Sorry, Tsugu. I know I promised to write the rest of the application at your place tomorrow, but can we do that some other time?
Tsugumi: Huh? Of course. I don't mind, but... is something wrong?
Himari: Thanks... I'm gonna go find out the reason.
(Black cut)
