event189-01 Opening: Declaration in the Rain

The girls are walking in the rain after a show. What will their next step be?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After The Show]

[Walking Home]

Himari: Gosh, we were really rocking again today!
Ran: Yeah. The response from the audience was good too.
Tomoe: It's like the fever of it even blew away the rain! In a damp season like this, we really have to bring the heat during our shows!
Tsugumi: Right. I'm feeling kind of refreshed too.
Tsugumi: And maybe it's because we've been doing band battles a lot lately, but I feel like our playing and performances have gotten better than they were before.
Tomoe: You too? I was actually thinking the same thing. Like, we've learned a lot from the bands we've played against.
Ran: That's true. And battles always make me wanna put on a better show than the band we're facing, too.
Moca: What's this~? Ran~, you're getting kinda fired up~.
Himari: Your emceeing during the concert was amazing too. Your words were so intense, they even got me fired up, and I was right beside you.
Ran: Hey, quit teasing me.
Himari: I'm not! I always get energy from the words you say.
Ran: R-really...?
Ran: ... It actually feels like we're learning a lot with every show we play.
Ran: I wanna be able to perform even better, though. That way, we can put on the greatest show ever.
Ran: When I stand in front of the mic, this desire fills my mind... so I guess it could be coming out through my emceeing.
Ran: That spot really is a mysterious place.
Moca: Ohh~. Ran, you're so cool~.
Moca: This must mean we've done some serious leveling up after undergoing such rigorous training.
Moca: We climbed unexplored mountains, and crossed the ocean to become the pupils of legendary musicians.
Ran: We didn't do any of that.
Audience Member A: Afterglow's concert today was awesome, wasn't it? It kinda set my body on fire.
Audience Member B: I know what you mean~. It reminded me of Roselia at Future World Fes!
Audience Member A: I dunno. I'm pretty sure Roselia was way better. Now that performance was seriously incredible.
Audience Member A: Speaking of which, Future World Fes is gonna start soon. I wonder what it's gonna be like this year.
Audience Member B: I definitely have to get myself a ticket! I'll do whatever I can to increase my chances of getting one!
Ran: ... Future World Fes, huh?
Tsugumi: Roselia's performance for the previous one was amazing, wasn't it? It kind of made my heart race...
Tomoe: Yeah. I won't ever forget the impact it had on me. I can see why that person just now said it was incredible.
Moca: Not to mention everyone seemed to be having a lot of fun~.
Himari: Yeah. It was unbelievable and dazzling... and it made me think that we could...
Himari: ... give it a try?
Tomoe: Huh? Are you suggesting we take part in Future World Fes?
Himari: Yeah! If I remember correctly, bands that get good results in the preliminary contest can join, right?
Himari: If that's the case, won't we have a pretty good chance? I mean, we've improved by going up against a lot of other bands!
Moca: I see~. In other words, now that we've leveled up, we should try facing the boss~.
Tsugumi: Th-the thought of standing on that stage makes me nervous... but we've worked hard for it!
Himari: That's right! Roselia's performance was really incredible after all!
Himari: So don't you think we might be able to put on our greatest show there too?!
Himari: And then, Afterglow will be talked about as a legendary girls band for generations...!
Moca: You're dreaming pretty big there, Hii-chan~.
Himari: Ehehe... Hey, Ran. What do you think?
Ran: Huh...? Hm...
Ran: I still don't know how this "greatest show" we're aiming for should be.
Ran: But Roselia's concert at Future World Fes was incredible. So much so that it made me want us to pull off a performance like that.
Ran: I wonder if participating in this festival... will get us closer to that performance.
Ran: If it will... then I wanna give it a try.
Tomoe: ... Alright, I guess it's settled.
Himari: Yeah! Let's take part in the Future World Fes!
Himari: Since that's decided, I'll look up the application guidelines right away!
Moca: Ohh~. You're really motivated~.
Himari: You bet I am! I don't wanna leave it till later and miss the deadline!
Tsugumi: If you run into any problems, just let me know. Whether it's for filling out the application, or for anything else.
Himari: Thanks! Okay~...
Himari: The legend of Afterglow starts now!
