event189-07 Ending: Its Light Is Like a Path

It's still raining, but the girls...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Himari: ... You guys! Check these out!
Ran: What are these...? "Greatest Band Championship"...?
Tomoe: "Japan Girls Band Award"... "Next Hit! The Next Trend Is You!" ...?!
Moca: Wow, you've got a buuunch of contest fliers. There sure are a lot~.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, why do you have these?
Himari: CHU²-chan told me that there are all sorts of contests, and that it would be impossible to enter them all.
Himari: That's why I researched a bunch of them. Instead of taking part in one because Roselia did, I want to follow a path that we choose.
Himari: If it's a path we decide on ourselves... no matter what happens, we won't end up regretting it, right?
Tsugumi: ... Yeah, you're right.
Himari: Okay! I've got enough of each one for all of us! Take your share home and take a good look.
Moca: Wow, you're really motivated~.
Himari: You bet I am! I had a lot of fun wondering which contest would be the most interesting as I researched them!
Ran: Hmm... So, which ones are you interested in, Himari?
Himari: Huh?
Ran: If you've researched all of these, there must've been at least one that seemed like fun. Tell us which one it was.
Himari: Wh-what~? You don't have to worry about what I think! I want you guys to look at them with a neutral opinion...
Tsugumi: It's okay. We'll all think for ourselves. After all, we're us and not anybody else.
Tsugumi: Right?
Himari: In that case... it's this one. "Girls Band Battle Tournament."
Moca: So it'd be GBT for short~? This is the first time I've heard that name~.
Himari: It's not a contest, but a tournament-style competition. You compete with other bands, and the audience decides the winner.
Himari: It's fairly new compared to Future World Fes, and it's on a smaller scale, but...
Tomoe: But?
Himari: But, I think it'd be cool! Both clashing with the opponent in front of us, and having the audience decide on the winner instead of officials.
Ran & Tomoe: ...
Himari: Ah, but y'know, we should talk about it properly and-
Ran: Clashing with our opponents does sound like fun.
Himari: Huh?
Tomoe: I think so too. And the audience picking the winner instead of some big shot? Don't you think that sounds more our speed?
Himari: T-Tomoe...
Moca: Passionate developments and tournaments do go hand in hand after all~.
Tsugumi: I'll of course look through the fliers you brought us. But I'm interested in that competition, too.
Himari: You guys...
Himari: Are you sure? Like really, really sure? If there's anything you're worried about, make sure you tell me, okay?
Tomoe: Yeah, we got it.
Tomoe: With that being said... we've more or less settled on GBT!
Ran: That sounds... kinda unsatisfying...
Tomoe: We've already given up on taking part in Future World Fes once. No matter what we do, we probably can't put a cool spin on it.
Tomoe: Either way though, isn't it enough that we can stay who we are?
Tomoe: Right, Himari?
Himari: Yeah! The most important thing is that we can stay true to being Afterglow!
Ran: Right. I'd hate not being true to ourselves.
Ran: ... It's thanks to you that it turned out this way, Himari.
Himari: Huh?
Ran: Because you said that you wanted to back out of the festival. If you hadn't, I think I would've gone along with it and just chalked up any unease to my imagination.
Ran: When you shouted that at us from the stage, I realized what being true to ourselves really was.
Ran: ... That's just what I'd expect from our leader.
Himari: R-Raaan~!
Tsugumi: Ah...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Looks like the rain's stopped~.
(Background change)
Tomoe: Yeah, but it'll probably start up again soon. The end of the rainy season's still far off.
Ran: But it'll end sometime. Plus, the sunset after the rain is beautiful, so it's not so bad.
Ran: So rain isn't really such a bad thing, don't you think?
Himari: Yeah, you're right. And besides, even on rainy days...
Himari: You can get energized by standing on the stage. It's a mysterious, magical spot after all!
(White cut)
