event11-06 Chapter 5: Matchmaking Magpie

Sayo and Hina sit at the park and have a casual chat. What will Sayo feel during their conversation...?

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Park]

Hina: Ehehe, today was such a good day, I bet my dreams are gonna be super awesome.
Sayo: Really? You got rained on, and a bird stole your tanzaku. Sounds awful to me.
Hina: It wasn't! Since I got to hang out with you♪
Sayo: ... That was just a coincidence.
Hina: That's fine too!
Hina: ... Ah, but now that I look at it, I should be grateful to that bird. Because of it, we were able to spend time together like this!
Sayo: ...
Hina: Did you know? When it rains on the day of the Star Festival, a magpie builds a bridge to help Orihime and Hikoboshi meet.
Hina: Maybe that bird was the magpie trying to help us get to each other.
Sayo: What's a magpie?
Hina: It's a black and white bird. Some people call them herons, but they're actually members of the crow family.
Sayo: I see. This is the first time I'm hearing of this.
Hina: Kokoro-chan told me that the other day when the astronomy club from our Hanasakigawa and Haneoka got together!
Hina: Well, they're not so much "clubs," really. Kokoro-chan is the only member of hers, and I'm the only member of mine.
Sayo: Hina, you're in the astronomy club?
Sayo: (... Now that I think about it... I really don't know anything about her.)
Hina: Mhm! Like I mentioned, I'm the only one in the club. For some reason, everyone calls it, "The Weirdos Club," so no one comes.
Sayo: ... Sounds like something that would happen to you.
Hina: What~?! What's that supposed to mean~?! Hmph, Sis~!
Sayo: ... Fufu.
Hina: Ah, you laughed~♪
Sayo: So...? I can laugh sometimes too.
Hina: I feel like it's been forever since I've seen you smile! And...
Hina: It's also been a while since I've been able to talk to you like this. Thanks.
Sayo: Yeah, you're right…
Sayo: ... Let's go home. If we stay out too late, Mom will get worried.
Hina: Ehehe, okay♪
Sayo: (I don't even remember the last time Hina and I were able to have a lighthearted conversation like this... I know that it's...)
Sayo: (... Because of me... I'm sure of it...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Hina: Whoa...! Sis, look~! The lights are so pretty!
Sayo: Yeah. Who would think they could make downtown look so different?
Hina: I know! Ah, and there are food stands! Looks yummy~♪
Hina: Uhm... Sis~...
Sayo: ... Fine. I'll call Mom and let her know. But we can't stay out for too long, okay?
Hina: Yay~! Awesome! Thank you~♪
Hina: What should we get? What would you like? Let's split it!
Sayo: I don't really like food stands, so-
Hina: Ah! What about takoyaki? That'd be easy to share, don't you think?
Sayo: ... Hina, are you even listening to me?
Hina: Ehehe, sharing with my sister♪ I'm gonna go buy it. Be right back~!
Sayo: ... Guess there's no stopping her now...
