event49-01 Opening: Phantom Thieves of Hearts

The walk home is the same as always. Moca starts talking about the Phantom Thieves of Hearts. That's when...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Himari: Today's rehearsal really came together, didn't it?
Ran: Yeah. It went well. Same as always.
Tomoe: Haha! You can say that again! What did you think, Moca?
Moca: Hmm~? Hmm...
Ran: Moca, what've you been doing all this time?
Moca: Hmm~... Well~...
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, you've been staring at your phone for pretty long. Something worth looking at?
Moca: So~... I came across something that caught my attention~.
Himari: What is it? I wanna know!
Moca: Do you guys know who the Phantom Thieves of Hearts are?
Tomoe: Phantom Thieves of Hearts?
Himari: Ah! I've heard of them!
Ran: ... What? Sounds pretty sketchy, doesn't it?
Moca: Fufu~. Just for you, ye who knows nothing of the internet, I shall do you the honor of explaining~.
Ran: Sigh... Thank you very much...
Moca: Apparently, they're a group of revolutionaries looking to reform society. If you write your troubles online, they'll solve them for you.
Ran: Wow~...
Moca: Hey~, after I went through the trouble of explaining it for you, you could show some interest, you know.
Ran: No thanks. There's no way people like that exist. That's probably just some sort of campaign being run by a company, no?
Himari: It's also said that their identities are completely unknown. No one's ever seen them before!
Tomoe: Moca, Himari, you guys believe in these phantoms?
Moca: C'mon~. You two don't know what it's like to dream, do you~? Tsugu, you believe in them, right?
Tsugumi: Huh?! Uhm, hmm~... I think it'd be great if people like that actually exist!
Himari: Moca, no one believes in them... What should we do?
Moca: There's not an imaginative bone in any of your bodies, is there~? And you're supposed to be high school students? I don't remember raising you kids to be like this~... I think I might cry~.
Tomoe: Haha, what the heck are you talking about?! Look, at the very least, the idea of people you can't see solving the world's problems is interesting.
Moca: Let's see~...
Moca: "I am over the moon for buns. I end up eating tons of buns in a single day. At this rate, they may disappear from the world forever. I need your help~."
Himari: Moca, what are you doing?
Moca: I wanted to try writing my problem online since the Phantom Thieves might lend me a hand.
Moca: Save me, Phantom Thieves~.
Ran: You actually think someone is gonna help you with that?
Saya: Come to Yamabuki Bakery~! We have the very popular chocolate cornets and our new "melon pan," right out of the oven~. Why not give them a try~?
Tomoe: Moca, they just finished baking. Wanna stop by?
Moca: ...! Wh-whoa... How can this be~?
Ran: What's up?
Moca: I wrote that buns may disappear from the world, and look! Freshly baked buns appear~!! Could this be the work of the Phantom Thieves...?!
Tomoe: That was definitely a coincidence...
Moca: C'mon~! Tomo-chin, were you always this much of a dream killer~? So mean~.
Himari: Even if it was just a coincidence, doesn't it make you really happy that your problem was solved? And in the blink of an eye too.
Himari: Oh! I just thought of something awesome!
Tomoe: Himari, what are you up to?
Himari: Guys, why don't we try becoming phantom thieves?!
Ran: Look what you did, Moca. You made Himari say something weird. This is your fault. Deal with it.
Moca: No no no~. Obviously, this is Yamabuki Bakery's fault for putting out fresh buns with such perfect timing~.
Tsugumi: What do you want to do after becoming phantom thieves, Himari-chan?
Himari: Change the world, of course! We'll take a page from the original thieves' book, and make everyone's day by solving their problems!
Ran: H-hold on a sec. We're not responsible for solving the problems of people we don't know!
Himari: "The New Phantom Thieves of Hearts are here! Would you like us to lead a revolution? If so, post with the hashtag, #Idol_Revolution!" And~... post!
Moca: "Idle revolution"...? Doesn't that sound like someone has too much time on their hands?
Himari: What?! No good, then? Aww, I can't come up with anything cool~!
Tsugumi: I-I don't think that's the problem here...
