event49-02 Chapter 1: The Happy Phantom's Request

Himari asks people to send in their requests so she can change the world, but a very mysterious message comes her way...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta)

[A Few Days Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Moca: Hii-chan, any good problems come in for you to solve~?
Himari: "I want to have lots of buns. What do I have to do to be able to endlessly eat them?"
Himari: "There's a festival coming up that's important to me. Please make it sunny."
Himari: "I want you to tell my father to stop coming to my concerts."
Himari: "Please make me better at brewing coffee!"
Himari: Hey~!! You guys wrote all of these, didn't you?!
Tomoe: We just thought it would be sad if you didn't get any posts...
Moca: I wrote one for Ran~. Doesn't it sound just like her?
Himari: That's not the issue here! Actually, I think this act of kindness hurts more than it helps...
Ran: That's why I was saying, people aren't gonna come rushing to you to solve their problems. That's something they have to do on their own.
Tomoe: Man, that sure does carry weight when you say it, Ran...
Moca: Hii-chan, just let this phantom thing go~. There has to be a way for you to find even greater happiness~.
Himari: Ugh~! Aww man, I really wanted to try it out~...
Tsugumi: ... Hm? Himari-chan... Look at this!
Himari: Uhh... "A treasure awaits in a deep slumber at the Tsurumaki residence. Try carrying out a successful heist"...?
Himari: C'mon, guys! Who wrote this?!
Moca: Wasn't me~. Besides, looks like it was just written.
Tsugumi: It says it was posted by a user named Happy Phantom Thief! That means...
Tomoe: Seta-senpai?
Ran: She was nice enough to write this so you wouldn't feel bad, Himari. She's just as kind as we thought.
Himari: Sure, Kaoru-senpai is kind, but she's not the type to lie or try to prank someone! That's the whole point of being kind!
Tsugumi: But it says, "Try carrying out a successful heist"... I wonder what she's trying to do.
Himari: I'm gonna ask her! C'mon, guys! Follow me!
Tomoe: Ah, wait...! Too late. She took off. Oh well, let's go find Seta-senpai.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Himari: Kaoru-senpai~!!
Kaoru: Greetings, Himari-chan... Oh? Birds of a feather? Welcome, Afterglow. What can I do for you?
Himari: Uhm... This post... Did you write it?
Kaoru: "Obtain a treasure deep in slumber from the Tsurumaki residence"...? This post is... quite fleeting.
Tsugumi: The user, Happy Phantom... That's you, right? What do you mean when you say we should take this treasure...?
Kaoru: Fufu... Unfortunately, I must disappoint you. The one who wrote this was not I. The Happy Phantom Thief is responsible.
Tomoe: That's kinda confusing...
Kaoru: Himari-chan, dost thou know the name of yours truly?
Himari: Huh? Well, you're Kaoru Seta-san.
Kaoru: Precisely! That is to say, not the Happy Phantom. Basically... that is all there is to know.
Moca: You heard the woman. Basically, that's all there is to know.
Kaoru: If the post has piqued your interest, shouldn't you simply try going over to Kokoro's abode?
Kaoru: If you do, I'm sure you'll uncover its mystery... Now then, I've club activities to attend, so I shall take my leave. Adieu!
Ran: ... 'Adieu'? I'm not sure I follow, but I'm pretty sure she was trying to avoid the conversation.
Tsugumi: Ah...! L-look! A new post...
Moca: Show me~. Let's see... "Do you have what it takes to steal the treasure?"
Tomoe: Seta-senpai again?!
Himari: She wouldn't go through so much trouble just to try and pull a prank! Besides, it was like she was hinting at something...
Himari: So there must really be a treasure at Kokoro-chan's house!
Ran: ... I have a bad feeling about this.
Himari: Guys! Let's go check it out! We're gonna find that treasure~!
Moca: There it is~... Hii-chan is mysteriously motivated again~.
Tomoe: You know though... At this point, wouldn't it be more frustrating to let the Happy Phantom get away with saying all of that stuff without doing anything about it?
Ran: This isn't a competition! Actually, this isn't even something that would change the world!
Himari: Here we go~!! We accept your challenge, Happy Phantom Thief!!
Moca: Like talking to a brick wall~...
Himari: To the Tsurumaki residence... It's time for some treasure hunting~! Hey, hey, hoh~!
