event49-06 Chapter 5: The Phantom Thieves of Afterglow

Ran and Moca find themselves in front of the room where the treasure is stored, but a certain someone is awaiting their arrival...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Hallway]

Ran: Ah! The sensors are off!
Moca: Not sure I get it, but that means Q-chan's sacrifice didn't go to waste.
Ran: ... But the place is still guarded very heavily with suit people. Stay hidden as we move.
Moca: Okay~. Prepare to witness my great stealth skills~.
Ran: ... Wait a sec. What are we even doing?
Moca: What~? You were really into this when you were trying to pull one over on Hagumi though~.
Ran: I mean, I know that, but... I suddenly feel like I can think straight again.
Moca: Being rational is actually the way to lose at something like this~. C'mon, change back into Scarlet of the Phantom Thieves~.
Ran: ... I... guess so.
(Black cut)
Moca: I'm pretty sure we checked every nook and cranny, and still, nothing~. What a dilemma~.
Ran: If only we had made a trail of bread while we were walking.
Moca: Huh~? Poor buns~. How could you do that~?
Ran: I was kidding... Hun Gree, look! Check out that door.
Moca: Hm? "Enter here for treasure!"
Ran: ... Sounds fishy.
Moca: On the other hand, diving in headfirst could be the answer here, right?
Ran: But if we get caught now, the others' sacrifices would have been for n-
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): The great bard Shakespeare once said, "Nothing can come of nothing"…
Moca: Oh, she popped up out of nowhere~.
Ran: What did you do with the others?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Yes, 'what' indeed. If I told you that the answer to your question is just beyond that door, what would be your response? Would you continue to stand idly by, despite knowing that fact?
Moca: Whoa~, she's really trying to fire us up. Scarlet, what should we d-
Ran: You're doing a lot of talking. Sounds like our only choice is to barge right in. Fine, we'll take you at your word, Seta-san.
Moca: Wow~, watch that fire burn~...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu, such perseverance. Now, open that door, my little phantom thieves!
Ran: ... Alright, let's do this!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Kokoro's Room]

Kokoro: Phantom Thieves, you came!
Ran: K-Kokoro?!
Moca: Oh! It's the final boss~.
Himari: Scarlet, Hun Gree!
Ran: Guys! How'd you all get here?
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, I brought them with me.
Moca: How kind~. Thanks, Michelle.
Kokoro: You all are even more amazing phantom thieves than the Happy Phantom, right? What are your names?
Himari: I'm the cute leader, QT!!
Tomoe: I go by Feisty Val, and I'm here to take that treasure of yours!
Tsugumi: Th-they call me Barista! Uhm, that's because my family runs a coffee shop...
Moca: You may address me as Hun Gree! You should feel honored! You get to battle it out with me, head-to-head!
Ran: Uhm... S-Scarlet. N-nice to meet you...
Himari: When the five of us unite, we are the Phantom Thieves of Afterglow! We have come to steal your treasure, Kokoro-chan!
Kokoro: Wow! What a wonderful introduction! The Phantom Thieves of Afterglow! That's so cool!
Himari: R-really?! That's a relief... Aren't you glad we practiced that before coming here, guys?!
Ran: ... Is it me, or did we go from cool to uncool really quickly?
Moca: Let's reflect on it later.
Tomoe: Now, tell us where your treasure is!
Kokoro: Oh yeah, that's right! I've brought something extra special for you!
Himari: Wh-what do you think Kokoro-chan has for us?! Maybe it'll be riches are far as the eye can see!
Tsugumi: I-I think I can feel my heart racing!
Kokoro: So, my extra special treasure is~...
