event49-04 Chapter 3: Fueee Trap

The Phantom Thieves of Afterglow successfully infiltrate the Tsurumaki residence. However, they hear a voice calling out for help...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Hallway]

Himari: Security is too tight...! Ugh, we can't search the way we planned like this~.
Ran: How many times do we have to tell to keep it down?!
Moca: Nothing's gonna get done if we keep hiding behind this shelf though~. We need to think of something so we can move forward.
Tsugumi: Hmm~... But we have to have a plan since we don't know the layout of the mansion... What are we supposed to do?
Himari: Since Kokoro-chan's house is so big, maybe we can use an app to look it up, and it'll show us the way...
Moca: "Tsurumaki residence, treasure"... Hmm~, nope. Nothing came up~.
Ran: Of course not. Why would it...? And no, Feisty Val, we're not just gonna rush them head-on.
Tomoe: H-how did you know what I was thinking?!
Ran: Didn't we just finish escaping a group of suit people by the skin of our teeth?! You remember, with the alarms and everything?! Unless we want that to happen again, we have to be careful.
Kanon: F-fueee~! Fueee~!!
Tsugumi: Was that... Kanon-san just now?!
Himari: I heard something too!
Kanon: I do not know which way to go~! Wh-whatever shall I do~?
Tsugumi: She's lost...! I wonder if she'll be okay.
Ran: Matsubara-san is a member of Hello, Happy World! though, right? Couldn't they just be using her as bait to catch us?
Moca: That's also some pretty bad acting~... It's so forced.
Kanon: If I cannot find my way, I shall be without shelter~! Help me, please~...!
All: ...
Tomoe: You know, I think I'm actually starting to feel bad about ignoring her since she's trying so hard to be convincing... Still, 'without shelter'...? Wanna go talk to her, guys?
Ran: ... Fine. Let's move closer to her, but be careful.
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: K-Kanon-san~! Everything alright?!
Ran: Barista! You can't just run up to her like that! It's too risky! They might've set a trap there...
Moca: Don't you think the security here is a bit too lax? Kinda like-
Kanon: Ts-Tsugumi-chan... I'm so sorry!
Tsugumi: ...?! O-oh no!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Himari: B-Barista?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Welcome, Phantom Thieves, to the Tsurumaki residence! And you, Tsugumi-chan... Welcome to my arms' embrace.
Tomoe: Th-the Happy Phantom!
Ran: Barista! ...?! There are suit people all around us! When did that happen?!
Moca: Well, what do you know~, looks like we're the ones who ran into the trap. We've been had~.
Himari: Aww~! I wanted to be the one who gets captured by the Happy Phantom! No fair, Barista~.
Ran: You dummy! How could you say that at a time like this?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): You're completely surrounded. Now, what shall you do?
Tsugumi: Y-you guys, I'll be fine! Go on without me!
Ran: ... Go on?! H-how are we supposed to do that...?!
Tomoe: Fa-
Moca: Face them head-on?
Tomoe: ... There's no other choice, is there?! We need to break through this by having someone create an opening!
Himari: B-but... how are we supposed to catch the Happy Phantom off guard?
Tomoe: C'mon, QT! Hasn't there ever been a time when Seta-senpai let her guard down?!
Himari: Of course not~! Think about it! She's always so cool...
Ran: Sigh...
Moca: Oh, Happy Phantom-san~, what's your favorite food~?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): I'd have to say Sachertorte and vichyssoise.
Moca: Do you... know what those are?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Yes... I do, indeed. They're stunningly delectable and fleeting, am I right?
Ran: That didn't help. She's not making any sense. It doesn't look like we'll be able to distract her.
Tomoe: Moca, baton pass time! You can just leave the rest to me.
Himari: Wh-what are you planning to do?
Tomoe: Happy Phantom Thief! I'll take you on. In return, I ask that you let the others go.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): I see. Intriguing! However, Tsugumi-chan cannot be allowed her freedom unless you are able to best me in a duel.
Tomoe: Cool, I'll play your little game! Scarlet, Hun Gree, QT! You go on ahead and get that treasure. We'll catch up!
Tomoe: C'mon, Happy Phantom! Bring it on!
Moca: I'm kinda confused about what's happening, but I guess we should go.
Himari: Feisty Val~! Barista~! We'll all meet up again later, I promise!!
Ran: Let's start by trying to find a switch to turn off those sensors!
