event49-03 Chapter 2: The Tsurumaki Residence Heist!

The girls accept the Happy Phantom's challenge, but they arrive at the Tsurumaki residence to find it heavily guarded...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Outside]

Himari: Here we are! The Tsurumaki residence! Guys, anything unusual to report?!
Moca: Hii-chan, sir! The character you're playing is very weird, sir!
Himari: Hey~! Right now, my name is QT, okay?! Don't call me Hii-chan! Didn't we decide to stick to each other's code names for today?!
Moca: ... 'We decided'...? You were the only one who said anything about doing that.
Himari: Ran is Scarlet, Moca is Hun Gree, Tomoe is Feisty Val, Tsugu is Barista, and I'm QT! Everyone's got a cool name!
Ran: Can you lower your voice?!
Himari: It's important to get into character for something like this, you know? It'll only be for one day, and we already went through all this trouble, so let's use them~!
Tsugumi: A-ahaha...
Ran: Sigh... Fine, I guess.
Tomoe: That aside, have you seen this house? It's huge...
Tsugumi: It kind of looks like a palace...
Himari: ...?! Security is pretty tight. How are we gonna get past them...? Scarlet, got any ideas?!
Ran: Please, stop with the role-playing.
Moca: Welp, we did send that calling card and warn them that we'd steal their treasure. It's no surprise that they would have this place on lockdown.
Tomoe: I mean, the whole reason we did it was that the Happy Phantom said we should.
Ran: Look at the number of guards, though... They really brought out the welcoming party for us.
Moca: If this is how many they have at the front gate, I can't wait to see what they have waiting for us inside~.
Tsugumi: How are we supposed to get in with such tight security...?
Tomoe: Man, this kinda thing really gets under my skin...! Look, I'll be the decoy, and then you guys just break in through the front...
Moca: Feisty-chin, there's no reason to face them head-on here~. With a house this big, there has to be another entrance.
Tomoe: O-oh, yeah...
Himari: M-meow~...
Ran: ...?!
Tsugumi: H-Himari-cha- I mean, QT-chan! What are you doing?!
Himari: I thought if I pretended to be a cat, I could lure the suit people away from there and we could go through the front...
Ran: QT... Were you even listening to our conversation?
Black Suit A: What was that noise?
Black Suit B: Was that a cat? I'll go check it out.
Tomoe: D-dude! They noticed!
Ran: Uh oh! We have to move...!
Moca: Sorry, Q-chan. Looks like this is the end of the Phantom Thieves~.
Himari: What~?! I-I'm sorry~!!
Black Cat: Meow~.
Tomoe: Yo, QT. Cool it with the cat sounds, would you?!
Himari: Huh?! That wasn't me~!
Tsugumi: I did hear that though!
Black Cat: Meow, meow~.
Ran: Look, over there. A black cat.
Himari: O-oh~... So it was an actual cat.
Tomoe: Forget about that. We have to get out of here... Ugh! Alright, back to square one! Ready to break through the front, guys?!
Ran: We told you, we can't do that!
Moca: Ah...! That cat just slipped in through there.
Ran: Oh, then we might be able to get in if we just follow it.
Moca: Well, we definitely can't stay here. Let's try sneaking in behind the cat~. Is that okay with you, Q-chan?
Himari: O-okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Tsugumi: ... And we're in.
Moca: Sure glad that cat came along~. Maybe it was a phantom thief too.
Ran: ... Not good. Check those out. They look like sensors, don't they?
Himari: They might be like the ones that set off an alarm when you touch them!
Tomoe: Could be. We'll have to avoid them as we go.
Tsugumi: Also... the security inside is pretty heavy too. Those people in the suits are everywhere…
Ran: I get the feeling we're nowhere close to our goal.
Himari: This is kinda exciting! Guys, let's make sure we leave here with that treasure!
Himari: Hey, hey, hoh~!
Tomoe: Dude, chill out! Do you want them to find us?!
