event49-07 Ending: A Treasure You Can't Steal

The treasure hidden in the Tsurumaki home is finally revealed. What does Ran say when she learns what the treasure is...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Kokoro's Room]

Kokoro: So, my extra special treasure is~...
All: ...
Kokoro: "Happy! Lucky! Smile! Hooray!!"... This!
Tomoe: What...?
Kokoro: "Happy! Lucky! Smile! Hooray!!"... This cheer!
Ran: A cheer...? That's your treasure?
Kokoro: Yep! When you yell it, everyone can't help but smile. Isn't that wonderful?
Moca: I'm blinded by its brilliance...
Himari: Wow. That's beautiful. It's like Kokoro-chan's emotions have formed into an actual treasure.
Kokoro: Yeah! I want to make everyone in the world smile! This treasure was born from that feeling!
Tomoe: You know, things like that are pretty cool. Actually, there's no way we could take something that precious from you, no matter how much you're willing to share it.
Kokoro: Really? But wouldn't the number of people who are smiling go up super fast if there were more and more of us who said it? That'd be just lovely.
Tsugumi: B-but-
Ran: Hey... Hey, hey, hoh~!
Himari: S-Scarlet?! What are you doing?
Ran: "Hey, hey, hoh~!" Th-this is, uhm... our cheer!
Kokoro: Hey, hey, hoh~! That's an awesome one! Just saying it fills me with strength!
Kokoro: I'm sure it's a treasure you all cherish from the bottom of your hearts.
Ran: Th-that's right... This is our treasure...
Kokoro: What kind of feelings did you fill your cheer with? You must tell me, Phantom Thieves!
Moca: Take it away~, Scarlet.
Ran: M-me?! Uhm, well... "Hey, hey, hoh~" has... you know...
Ran: We'll do everything we can to stay together, forever... That's the emotion you'll find in our cheer. And that's why we can't let anyone else have it.
Himari: S-Scarlet~!!
Ran: We can't give you this thing we hold dear, Kokoro. So I want you to hold on to your treasure as well and care for it as long as you can.
Kokoro: Wonderful! Sounds like you're all really good friends.
Kokoro: I thought maybe the Phantom Thieves would be bad guys. I'm so glad you were all super awesome people!
Tomoe: Well, we did start this group so that we could change the world for the better. We're no bad guys.
Moca: What I wanna know is why Q-chan is crying.
Himari: I can't help it~! I'm just really happy that Scarlet would say "Hey, hey, hoh~!" is our special treasure...
Ran: I-I was just trying to be convincing!
Tsugumi: Fufu. That's great, QT-chan.
Moca: Wow~, thanks to Scarlet, I've realized we have something to cherish with all our hearts~.
Tomoe: Haha, that must be how she really feels.
Ran: S-seriously, guys! It's not!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu... What a fabulous group of bandits you are. Our hearts are now being held captive by your bond.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): That's right! You've stolen our hearts! Fufu, such fearsome phantom thieves...!
Himari: Kaoru-senpai... I'll say it again! You're so cool~...
Tomoe: Y-you think so...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

[Station Entrance]

Tsugumi: What a day... I really enjoyed it though.
Himari: Yeah! That was so fun! I bet everyone at school is gonna be so surprised when I upload the photos from today. We might even become famous overnight♪
Moca: I was beside myself when you got captured though, Tsugu. I didn't know what would happen...
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Actually, after that, I had tea with Kanon-san and the Happy Phantom...
Ran: Wait, really?
Himari: Michelle and Hagu tickled me until Kaoru-senpai came to get us...
Moca: Hii-chan, it's okay~...
Tomoe: Still, it's pretty crazy that Seta-senpai was the one who planned all of that.
Tsugumi: They mentioned that she and the suit people set it up because Kokoro-chan showed interest in the Phantom Thieves, right? That's amazing...
Ran: But I wonder why she was drawn by something like that in the first place. Doesn't really add up if you're just looking to give away a something of value.
Moca: Well, the treasure was that cheer that's meant to make the world smile. Maybe she actually wanted it to reach more people.
Moca: She did say that the number of smiles around the world might increase by a lot if more people started saying it.
Tomoe: I guess that's why she was willing to give it away without much of a fight.
Himari: But we already have our own treasure! Right, Ran?
Ran: Would you shut up about that already?!
Moca: Fufu~. You're as red as a beet though~. That must have been the moment when the other Ran inside you, who is open with her feelings, awakened from her deep slumber~.
Himari: Aww~! I like the Ran who's open with her feelings!
Ran: And I hate the Himari who won't leave me alone!
Himari: I know, I know, you love me too~♪ Alright, you guys! Let's finish things up with you-know-what! Here we go~! Ready?!
Himari: Hey, hey, hoh~!
