event199-01 Opening: The Song That Changed Me

RAS will be performing at a music festival. Pastel＊Palettes is also there.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Sparkle Dome Entrance]

LOCK (Rokka): Whoa...! This is so amazin'...!
LOCK (Rokka): Everyone, please take a look! The venue is tremendous! And there are so many people lined up! Look at how long the lines are!
CHU² (Chiyu): Good grief. You've been noisy all morning, LOCK.
CHU² (Chiyu): It's disgraceful for performers to be looking around so restlessly. You're the guitarist of RAS, so act like it.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. I know how she feels though.
MASKING (Masuki): I haven't played in a venue this huge since I was playin' backup. Looks like I'm finally gettin' a chance to go wild again.
PAREO (Reona): This is a large festival, after all! There seem to be many bands performing!
LOCK (Rokka): It's such a blessing being invited to a festival as big as this one!
PAREO (Reona): And what is more...!
PAREO (Reona): Pastel＊Palettes will also be performing~!
PAREO (Reona): Sigh~, whatever shall I do?! How should I face them if I meet them in the backroom~?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Just greet them normally. They're fellow performers, after all.
LAYER (Rei): We've probably got a long stretch ahead of us, so you should have plenty of time to talk to them.
PAREO (Reona): What?! N-no, I mustn't do something like that!
PAREO (Reona): Using my position to meet them in secret would be a violation of Pastel＊Palettes fan rules!
PAREO (Reona): Also, I am here to stand on stage as part of RAS, so I shall focus on the concert!
CHU² (Chiyu): Excellent attitude, PAREO. That's why you're RAS's keyboardist.
CHU² (Chiyu): I expect your greatest performance ever for today's venue!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, of course, CHU²-sama~♪
LOCK (Rokka): ...? Masuki-san, your phone is ringing.
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh. Who is it at a time like this...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

LAYER (Rei): ... Our stage time is in the evening, so we've got a lot of time to wait.
CHU² (Chiyu): Right. If there are any bands you're interested in, feel free to watch them.
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO and I have several bands that we'd like to check out... What will the rest of you do? MASKING, what about you?
MASKING (Masuki): ...
CHU² (Chiyu): MASKING? Hey, are you listening?!
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh, my bad. Wasn't payin' attention.
LOCK (Rokka): You've been looking at your phone this whole time. Were you watching a video or something?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. It's the music video for a band I did backup for back in the day.
MASKING (Masuki): Just got a message from someone I know sayin' that the band's newest music video dropped. They're called "BUT"...
LOCK (Rokka): What?! Masuki-san, you played backup for BUT?!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, sorta... Do you know them?
LOCK (Rokka): Of course! They're known as one of the more influential bands in the industry!
LOCK (Rokka): I've got their songs on my phone, and I listen to them often. I particularly like this song~...
MASKING (Masuki): Oh yeah? Which one...? Ahh, that song. If I had to choose a favorite BUT song, I'd pick that one too.
MASKING (Masuki): Got a lotta memories of that song. I wouldn't be exaggeratin' if I said that song made me who I am now.
LOCK (Rokka): What? It did?
LAYER (Rei): Wow, that sounds like an interesting story. I don't think I've heard it before.
MASKING (Masuki): It's not that big of a story.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, if you're going to bring it up, tell us the whole story!
PAREO (Reona): That is right! I am curious to know what kind of memories it has for you~!
Chisato: Good morning. It's Pastel＊Palettes.
PAREO (Reona): What?! P-Pastel＊Palettes?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Come in.
Chisato: Good morning. We'll be joining you at today's eve-
Aya: Hello! I'm Aya Maruyama, the fluffy, pink member of Pastel＊Palettes!
Chisato: A-Aya-chan?!
Eve: Forging ahead with my eyes on the prize and bushido forever in my heart! I am Eve Wakamiya of Pastel＊Palettes! It is a pleasure to be here!
Maya: Huh? Ah, um...
Maya: R-read it forwards or backwards, it's the same in Japanese! Ya-ma-to Ma-ya! I'm Pastel＊Palettes's Maya Yamato!
MASKING (Masuki): M-Maya-san...?!
Chisato: Um, I don't think we need to do our full introductions in the dressing room of people we know...
Hina: Ahaha. You guys nailed your intros!
Aya: Huh? Ah, I-I'm sorry! We've been going around to the other performers' dressing rooms to greet them, so we got stuck in that pattern~.
Maya: I-I got caught up in it as well...
PAREO (Reona): Not at all! I am so touched to have seen Pastel＊Palettes's official introductions this close up...!
MASKING (Masuki): More importantly, sorry 'bout this. Can't believe we made you come all the way here... We shoulda been the ones to visit you.
Maya: No, no, please don't worry about it! Going around to greet others is one of the fundamentals of being an idol!
Eve: You all sounded like you were having fun. What were you talking about?
LAYER (Rei): We were talking about one of Masuki's memorable songs. Apparently, she is who she is now because of that song.
Maya: Th-that must be an incredible song...!
Maya: Did it influence your performing skills...?
MASKING (Masuki): Well, I guess you could say that...
Maya: I see. That's really interesting...!
Hina: Wow. What kind of song is it? I might be interested now too.
Chisato: Come on, you two. We'll be a nuisance if we stay too long.
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't particularly mind. She was just about to tell us the story anyway.
Aya: We just finished greeting the other performers, so let's hear the story since we're here.
MASKING (Masuki): Well, I don't really mind... I think it'll be a pretty long one, though.
