event199-06 Chapter 5: Different Potential from Me

MASKING is waiting offstage when Maya appears and shares her thoughts.

(Character: Maya Yamato, Masuki Sato)

[Concert Hall - Offstage]

MASKING (Masuki): Whoa, talk about energy... The crowd's really pumped.
Maya: It's almost time for RAS's turn on stage.
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh, Maya-san. Did you also come to see how the audience is lookin'?
Maya: Yes. I could hear the cheering from our dressing room, so I was curious to see what kind of concert was going on.
MASKING (Masuki): That's just like you.
MASKING (Masuki): ... About my story from before. I'm sorry if I said anythin' that offended you.
Maya: What? What brings that on so suddenly? You didn't say anything that would offend me.
Maya: Getting to remember those days felt so nostalgic.
MASKING (Masuki): Okay, if you say so...
MASKING (Masuki): You had this weird look on your face, so I thought maybe I said somethin' you didn't want other people to hear.
Maya: Th-that was because... what you said was quite different from my impression.
MASKING (Masuki): ...? What're you talkin' 'bout?
Maya: I'm talking about my impression of the show where you played the drums for that one song.
Maya: Back then, I had slowly gotten used to music work...
Maya: That was actually my first time playing opposite a band I had worked with on a recording.
MASKING (Masuki): ...
Maya: So hearing a song I had recorded and seeing how someone else might play it... was something I was really looking forward to.
Maya: I remember being so excited about hearing sounds that I couldn't play.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Sorry to have messed it up when you were lookin' forward to it. I must've let you down with a performance like that.
Maya: No, that's not what I meant.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
RBG Member: Actually, we've tried playing it for fun before. Let's give everyone in BUT a little surprise.
Maya: If all of you are up for it... O-okay, here we go. One, two, three, four...!
Maya: (Large stages really are the best...!)
Maya: (The intensity of the music is completely different from the studio recording! And this is the first time I'm playing alongside the other parts...!)
Maya: (I never thought I'd be able to play this song on a stage like this. Well, this is just the rehearsal and not the actual concert...)
MASKING (Masuki): ...
Maya: (... Am I imagining things? It feels like I'm being glared at by a stranger for some reason...)
Maya: (Eek! She looks like she'll snap at me at any moment...!)
Maya: (I-it's only my imagination! I'm sure that's all it is! Just concentrate on your drumming! Concentrate!)
(Black cut)
Maya: Sigh, that startled me...
Maya: (Rehearsal ended without any problems, but I wonder what the problem was with that person...)
Maya: (No, I have to move on from that. It's almost time for BUT's turn on stage, which I've been looking forward to.)
Maya: Who will be on drums and how will they play...? I want to hear it so much. I can't wait~!
Announcer: The next band on stage is BUT! Take it away!
Maya: (Oh, they've come out on stage. Let's see...)
MASKING (Masuki): ...
Maya: (H-huh? It's that person from before...?! She's the one doing backup drums for BUT?!)
MASKING (Masuki): ...
Maya: (E-eek...! It really does feel like she's glaring at me...!)
BUT Member: Here's our first song. We hope you'll enjoy it.
Maya: (L-let's get back on track... For now, I have to listen.)
Maya: ...!
Maya: Wh-what is this...? It's completely different from the track I recorded...
Maya: What vicious drumming...! It's almost like she's trying to engulf all the other sounds...
RBG Member: Hey, isn't the drummer going a little too fast...? The other members are looking bewildered...
RBG Member: Yeah. Their arrangement wasn't like this when they were rehearsing, was it?
Maya: (They're right. I can't deny that the drums' presence is too strong. It feels as if the other members are being dragged along...)
Maya: (... Still.)
Maya: (This drumming is fantastic...! I had no idea the drums could have such a leading role in this song!)
Maya: (It's different from the other parts' deft and polished playing. It's rough... but it resonates in my heart the most.)
Maya: (And what's more, even though she's adding all these beats, her playing isn't off in any way. And it's not like she's doing it because she wants to stand out...)
Maya: (This must be her correct interpretation of this song... most likely. She's saying this song has the potential to be taken this far.)
Maya: (The other parts are adapting to it, but they're being suppressed...)
Maya: (If there was a vocalist, guitarist, and bassist that could contend with her drumming... I bet it would make for an incredible performance!)
Maya: (I'm not the type to step to the forefront during performances, so I didn't think this song had this much possibility.)
MASKING (Masuki): ...!
Maya: Huhehe. She's almost like a mad dog...
