event199-05 Chapter 4: I’m So Lame

Masuki is wondering why nothing works out when she overhears Maya's words...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Live House - Lobby]

RBG Member: By the way, Maya-chan. Why do you do backup for so many genres?
RBG Member: It seems like it would be easier if you narrowed it down to the ones you're good at... Isn't it hard to drum for all the melodies?
Maya: Ahaha... I definitely hear that a lot.
Maya: But, how should I put it...? I feel like this method suits me.
RBG Member: It does?
Maya: I guess you could say... that it's fun for me.
Maya: I've had the chance to do backup work and recordings for various genres, and the drumming nuances I've been asked for have differed for every single band.
Maya: And improving on the kind of performance I find to be good throughout all of that is just so interesting...
Maya: Another reason is that the person I look up to can play different genres, so I want to be just like them.
RBG Member: So your experience in various genres provides you with the fundamentals of performing, huh? I knew you were amazing. You always play the way we want you to.
RBG Member: I guess you'd call it the ability to adapt to a band's color. Your being able to do that must also be thanks to that experience.
Maya: I'm flattered you would say that, but... I'm not really trying to adapt to bands.
Maya: I only think, "If I did this, it'd make for a good performance." And then I perform the best I can.
MASKING (Masuki): ...!
MASKING (Masuki): (She's also doin' the performance she thinks is best...?)
RBG Member: Ahaha. Just being able to get your way when you're working with pros is impressive. And what's more, that was the sound those bands wanted.
Maya: It took some time before the performance I thought of as good matched up with the performance that bands requested.
Maya: When I first started doing this work, there were so many aspects to it that didn't go well...
Maya: There were even times I couldn't perform the way bands wanted me to, so I was switched out for someone else.
MASKING (Masuki): ...
RBG Member: So even you went through periods like that.
Maya: But, surprisingly, I don't know when to give up. So I didn't let that discourage me, and I stuck with performances that I thought were good.
RBG Member: Wow, you've got a lot of guts. I imagine many people would set aside their ideal performance and do one tailored to the band if they were in that situation.
Maya: How should I put this...? As a drummer, it's cool to be able to perform a song how I think best, and then have someone tell me it was good.
Maya: And if they can't tell me that it was a good performance, then it wasn't...
Maya: I realized I still had a lot of room for improvement, so I worked hard on studying and practicing.
RBG Member: That's just like you.
Maya: The thought that I still have a future helps me do better. And that's really gratifying.
MASKING (Masuki): ...
MASKING (Masuki): What the hell? Am I completely blind? She was puttin' on the performance she thought was best, too.
MASKING (Masuki): Her performance has no presence? She was just drummin' as she was told?
MASKING (Masuki): She performed that way on purpose because she thought that'd be best for that song.
MASKING (Masuki): Doin' it that way would draw out the good traits of the song... She knew that and intentionally subdued her drummin' in the performance.
MASKING (Masuki): "And if they can't tell me that it was a good performance, then it wasn't..."
MASKING (Masuki): That thought never even crossed my mind. Dammit. I'm so lame...
MASKING (Masuki): Just thinkin' that my drummin' ain't cut out for backup work was naïve.
MASKING (Masuki): This is a world of pros... Meanin' the level of performance I think is good ain't gonna pass, huh?
MASKING (Masuki): ... Bring it on.
MASKING (Masuki): If my seriousness right now ain't cuttin' it, I'll go even further.
MASKING (Masuki): And I'll stick to my beliefs like her and get people to recognize my drummin'...!
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks to you, I've come to my senses. I owe you one, Maya Yamato...
MASKING (Masuki): No, Maya-san... You're so cool.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

LOCK (Rokka): ... So that's what happened.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. When I lost my confidence and was thinkin' 'bout quittin' everything, I heard what Maya-san said...
MASKING (Masuki): It gave me the determination to keep doin' backup and stick to my own drummin'.
MASKING (Masuki): I can still clearly remember your words from that time! They really resonated with me! You were so cool!
Maya: ...
MASKING (Masuki): ... Maya-san?
Maya: Ah, I'm sorry. I was just a little surprised.
Maya: I didn't think you reacted that way to what I had said...
Chisato: Rather than your memory of the song... that was more the story of how you came to respect Maya-chan...
Chisato: So I suppose that means... it became a memorable song because it was the trigger for that.
MASKING (Masuki): If I hadn't come across the song Maya-san took part in, I don't think I'd be who I am now.
MASKING (Masuki): After that, I practiced frantically and did backup for a bunch of different bands...
MASKING (Masuki): Oh yeah. Come to think of it, that was around the time I got the nickname "Mad Dog."
Hina: But isn't that kinda weird?
Hina: You hadn't talked to Maya-chan until you joined RAS, right? Why didn't you talk to her right away?
Aya: That's a good point. You started looking up to her because that happened, right?
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh... I thought that I couldn't talk to her with my head held high when I was still lame.
MASKING (Masuki): That's 'cause I put on such a self-conceited and pathetic performance.
CHU² (Chiyu): That stubborn and mysterious fixation is just like you, MASKING.
Chisato: Fufu. But now you can hold your head high and speak with her, right?
MASKING (Masuki): As a drummer, I've still got some areas I'm not happy with...
MASKING (Masuki): But I'm satisfied with who I am now. I was able to become a drummer that sticks to their guns.
Maya: ...
MASKING (Masuki): ...? Somethin' wrong, Maya-san?
Maya: Ah, no, it's nothing...
MASKING (Masuki): ...?
