event199-03 Chapter 2: Amazin’ Drummer, Dull Drummer

Masuki listens to a recording and is amazed by the drummer. That drummer is...

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara)

[2 Years Ago]

[Live House - Lobby]

Live House Staff: ... This is the kind of song it is. What do you think?
MASKING (Masuki): ...
MASKING (Masuki): (What's with these drums...?!)
MASKING (Masuki): (Their performance is so powerful with those rimshots... The intensity is amazin'...)
MASKING (Masuki): (But they're not just playin' with force. The drummer's thinkin' of the balance with the other parts as they're goin'...)
MASKING (Masuki): Are you kiddin' me? Is there really someone that can drum this awesome...?!
Live House Staff: I thought a drum part like this might suit you. What do you think? Care to try playing backup for BUT?
MASKING (Masuki): ... I'll do it! Please gimme the chance!
Live House Staff: Okay. I'll contact the members from BUT then.
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, looks like the next band's concert has started.
Live House Staff: You might want to watch the drummer for this band. She's a backup drummer, but she's around the same age as you.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh~...
Live House Staff: Her name's Maya Yamato-chan. Do you know her?
MASKING (Masuki): Nope... Well, I'll give her a listen since I'm here.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MASKING (Masuki): ...
MASKING (Masuki): Didn't know someone a year older than me could be this good.
Live House Staff: I heard she works as a session musician, but apparently, she does backup work like this now and again.
MASKING (Masuki): (... Her skills are amazin' for sure.)
MASKING (Masuki): (She really thrashes, and she listens to everyone around her. But...)
MASKING (Masuki): (She's playin' kinda dull. It's like she's got no presence...)
MASKING (Masuki): ... How borin'.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

PAREO (Reona): What do you mean that Maya-san's drumming was boring~?!
PAREO (Reona): As much as I care for you, I will not forgive you for saying something like that!
Maya: P-please calm down, PAREO-san. I'm not taking it personally~...
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, sorry. Uh, that was just my first impression of you...
MASKING (Masuki): I really respect you now, of course!
Maya: A-ahaha, thank you very much.
Chisato: It was surprising to hear that you thought of her that way.
LAYER (Rei): Right. Based on how you are now, it's unthinkable.
MASKING (Masuki): Like I told you, I was still just a brat back then.
PAREO (Reona): More importantly, you never mentioned that Maya-san would appear in your story~!
Maya: I was surprised by that too.
Maya: As I listened to the story of your memorable song, I didn't think I would make an appearance...
Chisato: You were also working at the time, so it wouldn't have been unusual for you to have some interaction.
Chisato: But didn't you say that you'd never met Masuki-chan before she joined RAS?
Maya: Ah, yes. I'd heard rumors of her, but I don't think I'd ever spoken to her.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, we'd never talked before. I just knew 'bout her too.
LAYER (Rei): I'd also heard of Yamato-san. The rumor was that she had high skills even for others the same age as her.
Eve: That is our Maya-san! You had already made a name for yourself at that time!
Maya: That's a bit over the top. I'm sure they're just comparing me to other high school students.
MASKING (Masuki): Nah, your performance was to the point I could see why people were talkin' 'bout you.
MASKING (Masuki): That's why after I saw your concert, I got to thinkin' 'bout this and that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[2 Years Ago]

[Live House - Lobby]

MASKING (Masuki): (She had skill and was good enough to match up with those around her. That's probably the right type of performance as a backup player.)
MASKING (Masuki): (But is it really okay to just drum as you're told because it's work?)
MASKING (Masuki): (I wouldn't be caught dead bein' a drummer like that. The type of drummer I wanna be...)
MASKING (Masuki): (Yeah. I wanna be a drummer like the one that pulled off the performance in that track I heard before...)
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, by the way, did that drummer from the track before quit already?
MASKING (Masuki): Since the band's searchin' for backup drums, that's the only thing it could mean, right...?
Live House Staff: That band still doesn't have an official drummer. They hired a session musician for that track.
Live House Staff: It was Maya Yamato-chan from earlier. If I remember correctly, they said they asked her for help.
MASKING (Masuki): What...?
MASKING (Masuki): (The person who did that awesome drummin' is that girl who was just on stage...?!)
MASKING (Masuki): (There's no way they're the same person...!)
