event199-02 Chapter 1: Why Aren’t Things Workin’?

MASKING starts talking about when she had a bit of an attitude in the past.

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

MASKING (Masuki): I think it was about two years ago... I started workin' as a backup drummer during my third year of middle school.
MASKING (Masuki): Thankfully, I got work right away, so I was pumped to start, but... well, y'know...
MASKING (Masuki): ... Phew.
Band Member: ... Hey, Sato-san.
MASKING (Masuki): ...? What's up?
Band Member: About your drum arrangement just now...
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. I put my own spin on it to match the song.
MASKING (Masuki): My playin' didn't leave any of the other parts behind, and I think our playin' together wasn't too bad.
Band Member: ... That's because all the members were at the mercy of your drums when you started.
Band Member: But we're still pros. The first time might not go well, but we won't get pushed around after we play together a few times.
MASKING (Masuki): ... What're you tryin' to say? If there's somethin' you're havin' an issue with, please come out and say it.
Band Member: I'm saying that you're not adjusting to us. We're adjusting to you.
Band Member: Also, we told you before we'd like you to stop playing so audaciously.
MASKING (Masuki): ... You want the upcomin' concert to be a good one, right?
Band Member: Of course we do.
MASKING (Masuki): Then what about my drummin' just now did you not like?
MASKING (Masuki): Between playin' accordin' to the source music and my drummin' just now... I think you can tell just by listenin' which is better.
Band Member: ... It might've been too soon to ask you to play the drums for us.
MASKING (Masuki): ...
Band Member: I'm sorry to say this after asking for your help, but we'd like to call off the backup deal.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Is that so?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

LOCK & PAREO: ...
LOCK (Rokka): Y-your backup work was pretty on edge.
LOCK (Rokka): Although I get the feeling that you were really harsh with the members...
PAREO (Reona): Massu-san, did you always have that attitude when you were working...?
MASKING (Masuki): Course not.
LAYER (Rei): Masuki's polite.
LAYER (Rei): There may be times when her playing goes overboard, but she gets along with her bandmates well now.
MASKING (Masuki): Back then, I had only started doin' backup work, and I was just a brat.
MASKING (Masuki): Not only was my playin' sour, but so was my attitude. There were countless times I caused problems.
MASKING (Masuki): That made me feel more irritated, and I started buttin' heads with band members more.
Maya: I-is that so...?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. A lot wasn't goin' right, and I was feelin' really frustrated...
MASKING (Masuki): I'd go to vent at Galaxy Ramen or go speedin' along the riverbank to clear up my irritation.
CHU² (Chiyu): Ramen and your motorcycle... That's no different from what you've always done.
LOCK (Rokka): ... Hm? Her motorcycle?
LOCK (Rokka): M-Masuki-san, were you already riding a motorcycle in middle school?
PAREO (Reona): S-such delinquency!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? There's no way a middle schooler'd be ridin' a motorcycle.
MASKING (Masuki): I was ridin' a bicycle.
Maya: I-I see. Then that would be wholesome.
CHU² (Chiyu): So? What happened after you were fired?
MASKING (Masuki): Well, this and that happened, and I was let go from backup work...
MASKING (Masuki): So I started goin' to see concerts at a nearby live house to relax.
MASKING (Masuki): I figured I might find a hint as to why things weren't goin' so well.
Maya: Ahh, I know how that goes. I often did that too.
Maya: I became a session musician, and by the time I started helping with recordings and getting backup work referrals...
Maya: I'd also go to hear various bands' performances for study purposes.
Chisato: I believe that you still do that, don't you?
Maya: A-ahaha, right. That's because I really do love hearing a band perform live.
MASKING (Masuki): ... So, one day, the staff at the live house introduced me to some backup work.
MASKING (Masuki): They told me about the band and let me hear their music right then and there...
