event168-06 Chapter 5: Kasumi's Answer

After Arisa's tip, Rimi does her best to be herself. Kasumi watches her...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: When I write songs, the most important thing to me is making sure every member of Poppin'Party can shine.
Rimi: My goal is to create many more songs that let you see how lovely our members are... and feel how fun our band is.
Rimi: That's the end of my self-introduction. Thank you very much for coming to Poppin'Party's show today!
Rimi: ... Phew. How was that?
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, that was amazing~!
Saya: Yeah. You managed to say the whole thing without stumbling, and your pace was just right.
Arisa: You started with a greeting, introduced the songs, and finished by talking about yourself... I think it was very well organized.
Tae: You spoke in a loud, clear voice with great eye contact.
Rimi: Really? Thank goodness~.
Kasumi: Practicing with everyone really paid off, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Yes!
Kasumi: Alrighty! Now that Rimi-rin's emcee skills are looking good, do you wanna celebrate a little before the big show tomorrow?
Arisa: Let's not go overboard! We should prepare for tomorrow by heading home and having an early night.
Saya: Oh, come on. We can at least indulge in some sweets. Right, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Sure. Ah, then before that, I'm going to review the video we just took of me emceeing.
(Black cut)
Rimi: ...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, what are you doing? Come over here and eat these snacks with us.
Tae: Oh? Rimi, your face is pale.
Rimi: N-no, I'm fine.
Rimi: ... Um, I know it's early, but I'm going to go home.
Saya: Huh? Rimi-rin, are you sure you're okay?
Rimi: Yes, I'd just like to practice a phrase from our new song. Thank you for your help, everyone.
Kasumi: ...
Tae: ... What was wrong with Rimi? She seemed kinda down.
Arisa: Do you think... she still wasn't happy with her emceeing? It's the same deal with her songwriting. Rimi can be headstrong about wanting things to be perfect.
Saya: But... I thought she seemed more relaxed than before and spoke really well...
Arisa: Hmm... I wonder what her ideal emcee even looks like...
Arisa: Hey, Kasumi, can't you give her any advice? Something only you'd know from all your emcee experience on stage...
Kasumi: Umm...
Tae: Hey, why don't we take her some chocolate cornets to cheer her up? Rimi usually feels better after eating her favorite food.
Saya: Yeah... There's no guarantee it will work, though...
Kasumi: ... Rimi-rin's favorite stuff... Cheering up...
Kasumi: Ah... I've got it! When I emcee, I always-
Saya: What is it, Kasumi?
Kasumi: I've gotta go to Rimi-rin's house!
Saya: Huh? W-wait a second, Kasumi!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ushigome Residence - Rimi's Room]

Rimi: ...
Rimi: (Something's not right...)
Rimi: (I've watched this video countless times and it still feels like I'm missing something. It's the thing Kasumi-chan does that draws people in...)
Rimi: (Especially in my self-introduction... I'm speaking clearly... yet it feels more like a lecture than a concert...)
Rimi: (Is it my volume...? My smile...? Hmm... I can't figure it out...)
Kasumi: Rimi-rin!
Rimi: K-Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, I've got the answer! I realized what it is I do when I emcee!
Kasumi: When I stand on stage, I only talk about the stuff I love!
Rimi: Things you love...?
Kasumi: Yeah! When I introduce our songs or when I call out to the audience... I'm overflowing with love. I simply put that feeling into words!
Kasumi: "I feel confident enough to sing my heart out because Rimi-rin is here next to me playing the bass!" Like that!
Kasumi: Or, "Everyone, turn your attention to the lovely Rimi-rin, who plays the bass with style!"
Kasumi: I want to share my sparkling, heart-pounding feeling with everyone!
Rimi: Sparkling, heart-pounding... with everyone...
Rimi: ...! I see...!
Rimi: (The reason Kasumi-chan's emceeing draws people in... is that she's enjoying the moment on stage more than anyone else.)
Rimi: (I was so focused on getting it right that I forgot to have fun...)
Rimi: (The kind of voice that touches people's hearts isn't just about volume or speed, it's...)
Kasumi: It might not be the answer you're looking for, Rimi-rin. However, I really wanted you to know in case you find it the slightest bit useful...!
Rimi: I see. Thank you, Kasumi-chan. I finally know what was lacking from my emceeing.
Kasumi: What?! Really?!
Rimi: Yep.
Rimi: (If I'm not having fun, then the people watching me can't have fun either. My self-introduction tomorrow doesn't need to be spoken eloquently, as long as I...)
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, I'm going to enjoy tomorrow's emceeing to the fullest!
Kasumi: Okay! I can't wait!
