event168-05 Chapter 4: Arisa's Tip

Rimi feels encouraged by Saya's advice. Arisa sees her trying things out...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: Hello~. Brr... It's cold outside~. Oh? Arisa-chan, are you by yourself?
Arisa: Hey, Rimi. Yeah, Kasumi has a supplementary lesson, Saya is helping at the bakery, and O-Tae is at her part-time job.
Rimi: I see. Are you doing homework?
Arisa: Yep. I wanted to get it done before everyone gets here.
Rimi: In that case... I think I'll do some drills before they arrive as well.
Arisa: Huh...? Oh, right. You mentioned at lunchtime today you're doing emcee training.
Rimi: Yes, exactly. Is that okay? Would you rather I keep quiet...?
Arisa: Nah, it's fine. Knock yourself out.
Rimi: Thank you. I'll try not to get in the way of your homework.
Rimi: (I've more or less learned how to speak from a script...Now I need to practice some motivational phrases...)
Rimi: (When I hype up the audience, I feel like a real emcee... I'm going to get better at it and really get our fans roaring...!)
Rimi: Everybody! Go wild!
Arisa: Whoa!
Rimi: S-sorry, Arisa-chan. I didn't mean to yell...
Arisa: D-don't worry... I don't mind that... But what was that, anyway? Were you copying... LAYER...?
Rimi: Y-yes... Last night I was watching RAS concert videos... and LAYER-san's shouts were really cool... I thought if I said the same thing, people would like it.
Arisa: Well, looking into what other bands do is smart... However, I'm not sure that line really fits Poppin'Party's vibe...
Rimi: Y-you're right... I'll come up with something else...
Arisa: What song of ours did you want people to lose control to, anyway...? "Poppin' Shuffle"...?
Rimi: (Okay, I need to fix my shouts... Then re-record myself with my phone from the beginning and check it again...)
(Black cut)
Rimi: ...
Rimi: (This is tough... I can finally say the script from start to finish, but it still feels stiff...)
Rimi: (How can I speak in a more relaxed way...?)
Arisa: ... Hey.
Rimi: ...?
Arisa: Do you really need to follow the script down to the letter?
Arisa: Um, what I mean is... As long you learn the first and last lines and remember the main points, you should be able to get the message across...
Arisa: I'm lousy at speaking in front of big groups as well, so I can't explain it very well... However, I totally get how you feel, Rimi.
Rimi: Arisa-chan...
Rimi: I almost forgot you're a shy person too.
Arisa: Oh, um, I guess so...
Arisa: I've had a lot more opportunities to give speeches after becoming a member of the Student Council, so I've gotten better at it. In the early days, though, I was a bag of nerves.
Arisa: I'd write out scripts over and over and memorize them by heart. Then I'd record my voice on my phone and check it, just like you're doing, Rimi.
Rimi: I had no idea...
Arisa: Yeah. However, when the time to stand in front of people finally comes, you don't know what to say and your mind goes blank. To this day, I still get flustered sometimes.
Arisa: No matter how big a stage I get used to performing on, speaking is the one thing I can't fully master... It's a different skill from playing a song.
Rimi: I thought as much... Speaking of which, is there anything you keep in mind when giving speeches for the Student Council, Arisa-chan?
Rimi: You see, when I speak in public, my voice always ends up becoming quiet by the end...
Arisa: Ah, I get you. You start to worry about screwing up, then your voice gets smaller and smaller.
Rimi: Yes, that's it. What should I do...?
Arisa: Hmm... If I have to put it in words...
Arisa: Just forget about your surroundings. In my experience, people rarely care about every little thing as much as you do.
Rimi: They don't...?
Arisa: For example, remember that time I stopped going to school? When I was at home, I was sure people in my class were gossiping about me while reading magazines and stuff, you know?
Arisa: But in the end, when I went back and talked to my classmates, nobody really cared that I wasn't there. I thought they'd make a big deal out of it, but everyone acted normal.
Arisa: It felt like a weight was lifted off my shoulders when I found out. It helped me realize that I don't need to overthink things.
Arisa: That's why... when you're on stage, Rimi, try not to focus too much on your surroundings. Just speak freely.
Rimi: Arisa-chan...
Arisa: Though, I still worry about what people think so I know this advice might not mean much coming from me...
Rimi: Thank you. I feel much better already.
Rimi: I'll try to emcee without worrying about everyone's opinions.
Arisa: Yeah, that's the way.
Rimi: Fufu.
Arisa: Wh-what?
Rimi: P-pardon me. I'm just happy I got to talk about this with you, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Well... I don't usually say stuff like this in front of everyone. But I felt comfortable telling you, Rimi.
Arisa: ... Hey, I could help with your emcee practice, if you'd like.
Arisa: Speaking into a phone is fine and all, but it's even better to speak facing someone, right? We're both shy types, so there's nothing to be nervous about.
Rimi: Really? Thank you. Then I gladly accept.
Arisa: ... Hey, Rimi.
Rimi: ...?
Arisa: How should I put this...? Seeing you challenge yourself at something you struggle with... Well, it's totally cool.
Arisa: So, you see... I feel moved... and I wanna support you, Rimi...
Rimi: Arisa-chan...
Arisa: Anyway, I know you'll do a great job emceeing and knock everyone's socks off.
Rimi: Yeah!
