event168-04 Chapter 3: Saya's Advice

When Saya sees Rimi doing as Tae suggested, she has some words for her...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Park]

Kasumi & Tae: We are~...!
Rimi: P-Poppin'Party...
Tae: You can do it, Rimi! I'm sure you can speak louder than that.
Rimi: Ohh... But I wasn't expecting to perform vocal exercises in the middle of the park... Th-there are so many people around...
Kasumi: Don't be embarrassed, Rimi-rin! Look, all these new spectators are watching us! You need to enjoy it!
Tae: Exactly. At least give it a try.
Kasumi: Yeah! Remember when we played the Rocking Star Festival? You're the one who spurred us all to action by saying we should give it a try!
Rimi: We should give it a try... Yes, you're right... It all starts with the decision to try!
Tae: Okay then, here we go. She sells seashells by the seashore!
Kasumi: She sells seashells by the seashore!
Rimi: Sh-she sells seashells by the seashore...
Tae: Rimi, lift your head up. Let the audience hear your voice...!
Little Girl A: Whoa! Those people are up to something!
Little Girl B: It's a theatre troupe! Look, everyone! There's a theatre troupe!
Rimi: Huh? What...?! W-what do we do, Kasumi-chan, O-Tae-chan? We're being swarmed by children...
Kasumi: Here we go! The excitement is building! Come on over, everyone! We're gonna put on a play for you!
Tae: Grandma Rimi, I'm heading out to slay the ogres. Could you mow the lawn in my absence?
Rimi: Wh-what...? We've started already...?! G-gosh... I don't know what to do...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Hours Later]

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Ohhh! That was thrilling~! I was so focused on talking I didn't even realize it was this dark already~!
Rimi: Phew~, that was nerve-wracking. I wasn't expecting to do improvisational theatre...
Kasumi: It felt fresh and exciting~! Not to mention, you were really vocal near the end, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: Y-yes... I was very nervous, but I followed you and O-Tae-chan's leads, and I think I feel a little more comfortable speaking now...
Kasumi: That's great~! Our training was a huge success!
Kasumi: Huh...? Hey, Rimi-rin, doesn't something smell super good?
Rimi: It does too. It smells like...
Rimi: Chocolate cornets! From Saya-chan's bakery!
Kasumi: Hey, seeing as we're already here, we might as well drop by. We've earned a treat!
Rimi: Okay! Sounds good to me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Welcome...! Oh, Kasumi and Rimi-rin? You don't normally come by at this hour.
Kasumi: Yeah! Rimi-rin and I were performing a play at the park!
Saya: R-really...?
Rimi: Yes, you see...
(Black cut)
Saya: Emcee training, huh? Interesting. That explains why you were laughing so loudly at school today, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: Y-yes...
Saya: Still, I remember you speaking without any hesitation when we gave self-introductions on the first day of our second year. Can't you do the same thing again?
Rimi: Well... it's not just about me this time. I'm being observed as a member of Poppin'Party, so I want to do even better.
Saya: I see... That's admirable, Rimi-rin.
Saya: You're challenging yourself to improve at something you know you're not good at... I can learn a thing or two from you.
Rimi: Hey, Saya-chan, when you emceed our concert the other day, what things did you pay special attention to?
Kasumi: I wanna know too! I'm trying to help Rimi-rin, but I'm not even sure how I emcee exactly~.
Saya: Ahaha, well, that's what we like about you, Kasumi.
Saya: Hmm, it's a good question, though~. I guess I take care to say thank you.
Rimi: Thank you?
Saya: Yep. All bands, not just ours, say thank you during their shows, right?
Kasumi: That's so true~! When I see the audience's faces, I just get the urge to say it~!
Saya: Yep. All the more reason why it's important to thank them with sincerity.
Saya: It may only be a small gesture, but I think it helps people understand how grateful you are.
Rimi: I see... That's why I felt so warm inside when I was watching you emcee, Saya-chan.
Kasumi: That's amazing, Saya...! I'll be sure to do that next time!
Saya: Oh, it's not that big of a deal really. Now, what else...? Ah! Why don't you try taking a video recording of yourself speaking?
Saya: Every so often when I practice drumming, I take a video of myself to check my technique. It helps me see things objectively so that I can fix any errors. It might help improve your emceeing too.
Rimi: Interesting... That sounds like a good idea...! I'll give it a try.
Saya: Other than that... I know! As a reward for working so hard, Rimi-rin... I'll give you this!
Rimi: Wow, a chocolate cornet~♪ And it's freshly baked~.
Kasumi: Whoa, Rimi-rin, you look happy~!
Saya: I'm looking forward to your emceeing, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: I'll do my best. Thank you, Saya-chan!
