event168-03 Chapter 2: Tae's Suggestion

Rimi has secretly been practicing emceeing. Tae tries to help...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Emcee training?
Rimi: Yes, exactly...
Rimi: After watching everyone emcee, I started doubting whether I could be as good as you guys...
Kasumi: I see... Then why didn't you talk to us...?
Rimi: Well... If I told you I had no confidence, I thought you might worry about me...
Rimi: Besides, I made a commitment to be a good emcee, so I didn't want to say anything negative.
Kasumi: Rimi-rin...
Rimi: I did some research when I went home yesterday. I looked up how to improve my emcee skills and how to speak in a loud voice...
Kasumi: ... So... that's why you were belting out your words all day today.
Rimi: That's right...
Kasumi: Is it also why you were laughing loudly and doing sit-ups just now...?
Rimi: Yes, I read it online. Apparently, if you strengthen your abdominal muscles, it helps you shout...
Kasumi: But why go through all this effort...?
Rimi: Because I'm a member of Poppin'Party... I wanted to introduce myself properly in my own words, with conviction...
Rimi: Emceeing is part of the show, and if I do a good job, the crowd will pay more attention to our songs...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin...! I had no idea you were thinking that much into it...!
Kasumi: I understand! I'm gonna help you, Rimi-rin! Let's train together so you can give an emcee performance you can be proud of!
Rimi: R-really...? But...
Kasumi: Supporting you is my own decision, so don't worry about it! If there's anything I can do or anything I can teach you, I'll do it!
Rimi: ... Okay. Thank you, Kasumi-chan. I appreciate it!
Rimi: I was actually re-watching our old concerts last night. I wanted to learn how you emcee, Kasumi-chan.
Rimi: However... no matter how hard I tried to copy you, I couldn't get the hang of it...
Rimi: Hey, Kasumi-chan, how do you speak so confidently in front of everyone...?
Kasumi: Umm... Good question~... Well... Hmm...
Kasumi: ... Wait. How do I do it...?
Rimi: Huh? Don't you know either, Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: U-umm... I've always just blurted out whatever I felt on stage without thinking too much about it...
Rimi: I-I see...
Kasumi: B-but you'll be fine once you get used to it! Emceeing is actually really fun when you figure it out!
Kasumi: When I first got up on stage... You know, the time we performed Twinkle Twinkle Little Star at SPACE? Well, I was super nervous.
Kasumi: However, I got the hang of it right away! I realized that speaking on stage was no different from how I speak every day!
Rimi: Get used to it, huh...? But that kind of environment isn't really common outside of live houses...
Kasumi: Hmm, if only there was a place you could get a feel for public speaking~.
Tae: Brr, it's cold out there~. Oh? Rimi, Kasumi, what are you doing?
Kasumi & Rimi: O-Tae!  O-Tae-chan!
(Black cut)
Tae: I get it. So that's why you were acting differently at lunchtime, Rimi.
Rimi: Y-yes...
Kasumi: Hey, O-Tae, do you know any tricks for getting good at emceeing~? When I emcee, I speak without thinking about any particular techniques...
Tae: I'm the same way, Kasumi. I simply say whatever it is I'm feeling on the stage.
Rimi: Hmm, I figured as much~... Is that what emceeing is all about...?
Tae: You could try talking in the same way you play an instrument. You're confident when you play bass on stage, Rimi.
Rimi: Playing an instrument and speaking isn't the same thing~... My mind goes blank when everyone stares at me...
Tae: I see. Now that you mention it, a lot of band members have trouble with public speaking. I saw quite a few people like that when I worked part-time at SPACE.
Tae: Ah, I know. Why don't we watch a performance by a band with a cool emcee?
Rimi: What do you mean?
Tae: Well, cool bands usually have cool emcees. You see, it's important to hype up the crowd in between songs to really get them going.
Tae: The way the emcee of this band I like pumps everyone up is awesome. Here, check out this video on their official website.
Rimi: Whoa~! You're right, she's so cool~...! The lead singer whipped the audience up into a frenzy...!
Kasumi: I see your point. She looks like a total rockstar~! Maybe I should try something like this at our next concert~!
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, can you recommend some more examples?
Tae: Sure thing! I'll send you a whole bunch of band websites that have concert videos later, okay?
Rimi: Thank you, O-Tae-chan. I'm going to study really hard by watching a range of performances!
Tae: Sounds good. Your dedication has motivated me, Rimi. I'm happy to lend a hand.
Kasumi: Now all we need is a place to practice emceeing~!
Tae: Practice emceeing? I know a good place.
Rimi: Wait, really? Where, where?
Tae: Well...
