event168-01 Opening: Will I Be as Good...?

When the decision is made to take turns emceeing, Rimi has other thoughts...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Onstage]

Tae: Thanks for coming out to see our concert today, everyone!
Tae: This next song will be our last. But before that, allow me to tell you a little more about myself. I'm Tae Hanazono, your emcee for today!
Tae: My hobby is playing guitar, and I've been doing it for... Hey, Arisa, how many years has it been?
Arisa: Huh? Don't ask me! Umm... I think you've been playing for seven or eight years, right?
Tae: Yeah! Something like that! Now then, I'll show you all my Oddie impression.
Arisa: Wait a second! What happened to your guitar story?!
Rimi: (O-Tae-chan is amazing... The audience is laughing and having a good time...)
Rimi: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Two Weeks Ago]

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Kasumi: Ohhh! I'm so excited for today's performance~!
Rimi: Hey, everyone, the venue is jam-packed with audience members.
Tae: Somebody asked me to shake their hand earlier! Apparently, they took the train from someplace far away to see us.
Arisa: It feels like we've been getting more first-time visitors lately... This must be thanks to our Rocking Star Festival performance, right...?
Saya: I think so. It makes me happy to see the impact of that concert take shape before our eyes.
Arisa: Yeah. I'm glad we gave that show our all, you know?
Kasumi: I've got an idea! Why don't we mark the occasion by doing something special for the people who've come to see our band for the first time?
Tae: Yeah! If they've taken an interest in us, I wanna turn them into lifelong Poppin'Party fans!
Saya: Ah, then how about this? We could properly introduce ourselves to the audience again.
Rimi: Yes, I think that's a good idea. It's natural to want to know what the members of a band you're into are like.
Tae: Sometimes I like a band even more after listening to the emcee.
Kasumi: Gasp! Hey, you guys, I just thought of an incredible idea!
Arisa: Here we go... Fine, I'm listening. Say it.
Kasumi: Let's rotate our emcee for each show! The band member who is hosting on that day can give their self-introduction!
Tae: Cool, that sounds like a blast!
Arisa: O-ohhh... That's a decent suggestion for a change, Kasumi...
Arisa: I suppose you've always been the one doing the talking, so if we all had a turn, even our established fan base would enjoy it.
Saya: Uh-huh. It'll be interesting to try something we've never done before. Fufu, I'm starting to get excited.
Kasumi: In that case, I'll emcee today and do my self-introduction! Arisa can go next!
Arisa: Wha-?! Why me?
Saya: Oh? Arisa, are you nervous by chance?
Arisa: A-as if!
Saya: Fufu. Then I'll go after Arisa.
Tae: Well then, I'll go after Saya! Rimi, are you okay with being last?
Rimi: Yes, that's fine.
Kasumi: Alrighty! I'm getting pumped up~!
Kasumi: Until now, I've been introducing you guys to the audience, right? Well, it was always my dream to be introduced by someone too~! "Lead singer and guitarist, Kasumi Toyama!"
Saya: Fufu, you sure look happy, Kasumi. We'll make sure to give you a mighty fine introduction.
Kasumi: Okay then, we'll each emcee so that new fans and old fans alike will get to know us even better!
All: Yeah!
Rimi: (Emceeing a concert...? I've said a few words every now and then, but I've never been the main speaker before.)
Rimi: (I'm a little nervous... However, I'm getting used to performing on big stages so... I'm sure I can do it.)
Rimi: (Yes. I'm looking forward to it just a little.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: (... That's what I thought back then but...)
Rimi: (My bandmates are amazing emcees and their self-introductions were fascinating...)
Rimi: (It's finally my turn next week...)
Rimi: (Ohhh... Will I be as good as them...?)
