event231-02 Chapter 1: To Survive

During TIS practice, Nao informs Aya and Hina of a decision she has made.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Maya: ... Thank you for your time. Goodbye.
Hina: Oh, Maya-chan. You're early~. Meeting of some sort?
Maya: Hina-san. Just a quick staging team meeting... I presented some ideas about the lighting for the TIS.
Hina: Huh~. In my case, I came early since I was done with everything at college and had nothing else to do~. There sure is a lot of time to kill until rehearsals though~.
Maya: Quite a lot... Say, do you think Aya-san's okay...?
Hina: Hmm~, she was doing a pretty poor job of trying to act like she wasn't bothered by what happened yesterday... so it probably came as a pretty big shock to her.
Hina: You know, I didn't think Nao-san would lay it out the way she did~.
Maya: Yes, it was a surprise for me too. I knew we would need something more to get through the TIS, I just never expected her to put it so harshly...
???: ... Two, three, four...!
Hina: ... Hm? The studio's occupied. Did someone book the time slot before us?
Maya: Not as far as I know... Wait a minute, I think it might be...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Spin... and pose...! Yay~! I managed to do it and all perfectly too!
Maya: Aya-san, I had no idea you were already here.
Aya: Hm? Morning, guys~. Hold on, if you two are here then... Oh wow, it's this late?!
Hina: You're drenched with sweat, Aya-chan. How long have you been practicing on your own?
Aya: Um~... since about six in the morning, actually. I asked the staff to let me use the studio.
Maya: S-six...?! It's late afternoon now! Don't you think you've been practicing a bit too much...? Wait. Don't tell me you haven't been eating either!
Aya: D-don't worry, Maya-chan, thanks. I had lunch, and I also took breaks. Can't get good practice without energy to burn, after all.
Aya: You see, after what Nao-san said, I thought the whole time about what I need to do to excite the audience.
Aya: And the conclusion I came to was that, as the group's vocalist and lead, I need to be able to give a captivating performance.
Aya: That's why I've been working on my dancing this whole time, and I finally managed to get it all perfect!
Maya: ... You never change, do you, Aya-san?
Aya: Huh? Wh-what's that supposed to mean, Maya-chan?
Maya: Fufu, I just meant that you always manage to be you, no matter what.
Hina: So true♪ Hey, since we're all here, why don't we try performing together~?
Aya: Oh, that'd be great! Thanks!
(Black cut)

[During Rehearsals]

Aya: ... H-how did I do, Nao-san? I changed up the choreography a bit...
Nao: Yeah, I noticed. It's definitely better.
Aya: ... O-oh, of course you'd notice...
Film Crew Member: Well, producer, did you find it exciting?
Nao: ...
Nao: ... Let's swap vocalists.
Aya: What...?
Nao: Hikawa, you double up as the guitarist and vocalist. Maruyama, you learn some other instrument. Yeah, that should do it.
Eve: What are you... saying...?
Maya: Hold on, please! There's no way I can accept having Aya-san removed as our vocalist.
Chisato: I-I have to agree with Maya-san...! Please provide a proper explanation.
Nao: It's 'cause nothing's changed. She just went through her same old routine.
Eve: But...! You said she has improved...!
Nao: Uh-huh, and she has. All it means, though, is that it's a better same old.
Nao: That wasn't what I meant when I said what I did. Unless she can stop sticking to her same old, she's never going to thrill the whole world.
Aya: ...
Nao: The group's lead, the vocalist, is the one responsible for embodying an idol group's identity.
Nao: If Maruyama can't excite the crowd and the solidity she brings is a bad influence, it's better to have the most free-spirited member in her place instead.
Nao: When Hikawa plays, she improvises and randomly adds phrases. She changes things up according to her mood. That makes her interesting to the audience.
Hina: That's totally not why I do it, though, you know~?
Nao: Rigid preconceptions and safe answers won't bring victory. That's why you guys likely won't make it even if you try now.
Nao: There's no future, no victory, if all you do is hold on to what's important to you and try to defend it. That's not what challenging yourself is about... right?
Maya: E-even so... I can't bring myself to accept what you're saying, Nao-san.
Eve: Neither can I! There can be no other vocalist for us other than Aya-san! A Pastel＊Palettes without her singing... is no longer Pastel＊Palettes!
Chisato: Yes, I feel the same way. Please try to come up with an alternative.
Nao: I've tried. Maruyama won't cut it as your vocalist going forward. If you want to survive and win, this is the only way.
Eve: It cannot be! Even if it is for victory, this... this is just...!
Aya: I'm...
Aya: I'm... Pastel＊Palettes's vocalist...!
Aya: I'm our vocalist, and I can't let you take this away from me no matter what. I won't...!
Chisato: Aya-chan...
Aya: Please! I promise I'll change! Give me a chance!
Chisato: I feel the same way. Please give her a chance.
Maya & Eve & Hina: Please.
Aya: You guys...
Nao: ...
Nao: ... Alright, you've all made your feelings clear. One week, but that's it.
Nao: Show me you can stick to your current roles and still be an exciting band.
Nao: If you can't do that, I'll have you do as I say as your producer.
Aya: Okay... Thank you very much! I'll change for sure!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
