event231-01 Opening: Why the Excitement Isn’t There

The TIS has begun, and the girls are practicing. However...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Tokyo Idol Summit Recording Day]

[TIS - Recording Studio]

Aya: Wow...! The studio's huge~! Just look at how gorgeous the set is and with so many lights too...!
Aya: Ah! Hey, Eve-chan! Over there, judges table! I think that's the actress Hijiri-san! You know, the former idol who did a dome concert when she was retiring...!
Eve: Yes, I believe you are correct! She has the aura of a true A-lister...! Hm? Isn't the person beside her the composer Kawai-san...?
Aya: Wait, the Kawai-san?! The one who's written tons of songs that have sold over a million copies?! I can't believe someone like that is one of the judges...!
Chisato: While I don't blame you two for being so excited... do try to keep it down a little.
Nao: Yeah~, you guys need to chill~. Don't tell me you've forgotten that you're actual celebrities yourselves~?
Aya: ... S-sorry. I just couldn't help it.
Hina: Well, the enormous studio and dressing room are just what you'd expect for broadcast TV! It's hard not to feel boppin'~♪
Chisato: Yes, especially when you also consider that the Tokyo Idol Summit will be aired nationwide and streamed. It really makes you aware of just how big this show is.
Maya: There were even so many famous idol groups in the dressing room... I thought I knew what I was getting into, but my heart is kind of starting to race...
Aya: Tell me about it. Oh~, my hands are starting to shake~.
Nao: Ahaha, sounds like an emergency, Maruyama. Shall we head home then?
Aya: What~?! N-no, of course not~!
Nao: Then get a hold of yourselves. You girls want to become legendary idols... right?
Aya: Yeah! The TIS is a major challenge for us, so I'm sure it'll help us shine more brightly...!
Nao: That's the spirit. Well, looks like no more time for chit-chat. The show's about to start.
Nao: Alright, girls... Go show them what you've got.
Pastel＊Palettes: We will!
TIS Staff: Okay, everyone, are all of you ready? Cameras are rolling in three! Three, two, one...
TIS Host: Dear viewers, this is the moment you've all been waiting for! The Tokyo Idol Summit... begins now!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Chisato: Phew... I believe that went rather well.
Maya: It did...! We've performed "Shuwarin☆Dreaming" hundreds of times, so it's like the image of what's needed for a good performance is ingrained into us!
Aya: Yeah! If we can keep perfecting our performance...
Eve: We will surely emerge victorious from the first round!
Hina: Hmm~, really? I doubt it's gonna be that easy.
Hina: We gave a nice, solid performance and all... but enough to guarantee us a win...? I dunno.
Maya: I have to agree. It's not at that level, especially since we're in Group A. Many of the idols we're up against are said to be contenders for winning the TIS.
Hina: I know, right~? It's definitely one of the toughest groups. I checked out some concert DVDs of our competition and their singing and performing were really on point~.
Maya: Chances are, everyone's going to come perfectly prepared for the first round theme of "Classic Idol Song."
Chisato: Not to mention, no matter how flawlessly we perform our song, we won't be able to secure any votes unless we can make it reach the hearts of the judges and viewers.
Chisato: Groups with fewer votes and poorer judge ratings will be eliminated first, and with there obviously being no losers bracket, surviving will not be an easy task.
Eve: That may be... but I still believe that what matters most is having the right mindset! I know we have what it takes to clear a path to victory.
Chisato: True. It's important to be able to stay strong. Besides, no matter how tough our opponents are, anything can happen in a competition.
Aya: Yeah... so let's practice even more! I mean, we also have some super big help on our side.
Hina: We do, huh? Nao-san's always saying interesting things, so she might give us a good idea or two!
Nao: Yawn. Morning~. Squeezing in some practice again before our meeting, are we~? You all sure are an eager bunch even though it's this early in the day~.
Pastel＊Palettes: Good morning!
Hina: Hm? Nao-san, who are these people~?
Chisato: If I'm not mistaken, you must be the filming crew for the documentary footage. It's a pleasure to be working with you starting today.
Film Crew Member: The pleasure's all ours! I hope you don't mind having us filming your rehearsals and meetings. For starters, mind telling us how you feel about the first round?
Aya: To be honest, I'm a little nervous... but I think we have what it takes!
Nao: Alright then~, let us hear what you've got. Just once should do.
Pastel＊Palettes: Okay!
(Black cut)
Aya: ... Th-thank you very much...! Wh-what do you think, Nao-san?
Nao: ... Hmm, let's see. Solid playing and performances. Very easy to watch. You've definitely improved.
Aya: Really?! Hooray~!
Maya: It's such a relief to hear that from you, Nao-san.
Nao: However...
Nao: I didn't find it the least bit exciting.
Nao: And the reason was you... Maruyama.
Aya: ... What...?
Nao: It felt like you just went through your same old routine. For better or worse, all it was was solid...
Nao: Currently, I'd say Pastel＊Palettes is charming enough. You've got a good group going, for sure. It's just not going to be enough to win.
Nao: Tons of idols in the TIS have way more fame and experience than you all. That's why...
Nao: Simply being a "good group" won't cut it if you want to win.
Pastel＊Palettes: ...
Hina: If that's what you think, maybe you could give us some pointers~. After all, your job as a producer is to teach us that stuff, isn't it?
Aya: I-I'd really appreciate it too! I promise I'll get better by the first round!
Nao: Hmm~. I haven't quite finished fully organizing my thoughts yet actually...
Nao: For now, try thinking about why you're the problem. Taking the time to get to know yourself is an important part of being an idol, after all.
Nao: I'll try to come up with something more concrete before your next rehearsal.
Aya: O-okay...
Nao: Think that should do it for today. Thanks for coming all the way here to film them. Alright, later~.
Pastel＊Palettes: Thank you for coming.
Aya: ...
Chisato: Aya-chan... Don't worry. We can all figure this out together.
Aya: O-okay... Thanks, Chisato-chan.
Aya: (Nao-san said it's my fault... I wonder what's missing...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
