event231-06 Chapter 5: A Hopeless Idol Nut

Nao sees how performing on the street has transformed Aya. What does she think?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Eve: Do you think Aya-san is managing to get some proper rest at home right now...?
Chisato: I certainly hope so... Knowing her, however, I wouldn't be surprised if she's going over some rehearsal videos instead.
Maya: Ahaha... That does sound like something she'd do. Speaking of Aya-san, it's too bad we haven't been able to come up with any real solutions...
Nao: Ah, perfect! You guys are all still here~.
Maya: Oh, Nao-san. Hello, everyone. I didn't expect the film crew to be here today.
Nao: There were some things that needed discussing~. Anyway, never mind that. We have somewhere to be. Hurry up or we'll miss it!
Eve: A-a moment, please. Where exactly are we going?
Chisato: I would appreciate a proper explanation as well, Nao-san.
Nao: No time for that. Take a look at this!
Maya: A clip on social media...? It looks like some kind of street performance. That's quite a large crowd there.
Eve: ...! Is it just me... or are the ones performing Aya-san and Hina-san?
Maya: Huh?!
Chisato: There are TIS idols performing in front of the station for real lol "The fun they're having is so contagious." I can't believe Aya-chan is doing this...
Nao: Everything clear now? Time to get going!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Nao: Pant... Pant... Ugh~... This is too much. I can't move another step~. G-go on without me...!
Maya: You were the one who said we should run because we're almost there. Come on, just a bit more!
Eve: Ah, I see them. There are more people than there were in the video!
Aya: ...♪
Chisato: Oh, Aya-chan, you're so unbelievable...
Chisato: But... fufu, you look like you're having such a great time.
Maya: Yes, and so does Hina-san...! It's like a session where they're pushing each other up to greater heights... They're both shining so brightly.
Eve: Yes! It makes me wish I could join them!
Nao: ...
Nao: No matter how much you're criticized or how down you feel, even when you stumble and fall, you never give up... You really are just like her.
Nao: You're such a hopeless idol nut.
Aya: Thanks for sticking around till the end to listen~!
Hina: Alrighty, how about we end this by jumping together when I play the guitar? Ready~? Jump!
Aya: Thank you very much!
Hina: Ahaha, that was amazing! I had such a blast!
Aya: Yeah... Same! It was so exciting for me too! I was, like, really able to empty my mind and just enjoy having fun with your sound...!
Aya: Hina-chan... you helped me remember that singing is supposed to be really fun.
Hina: What? I didn't really do anything though.
Aya: But you did, so thanks a bunch!
Eve: Aya-san, Hina-san! That was a wonderful performance!
Hina: Huh? You guys. How long have you been here?
Maya: We arrived partway through. That really was a great performance just now! It felt as if your two sounds were frolicking with each other...!
Chisato: Yes, you looked so alive, too, Aya-chan... At the same time, though, there was an almost defiant look in your eye... I don't think I've ever seen you with that expression.
Nao: Maruyama. Hikawa. Don't ever do something like this again without the agency's permission. You're both famous, so try to act like it.
Hina & Aya: Sure thing~. Sorry...
Nao: That said, that was some pretty exciting stuff. It may have been a bit too crazy and free-form, but it was still a great show.
Aya: Huh?
Hina: Then that means...!
Nao: Yup. You passed the test.
Aya: I-I did?!
Nao: I see an idol's job as being about entertaining people and making them dream. To do that, an idol has to be the one who's the most excited.
Nao: A blueprint based on past experiences will let you put on a solid performance, but it won't let you put on an exciting one. That's why you have to let go of it, even if it's scary.
Nao: But just now, I was able to feel how genuinely excited you were, and most importantly, you showed me that your limits have expanded a whole lot.
Nao: Say... That was pretty exciting earlier, wasn't it?
Aya: ... Yeah, it was! Like, really exciting!
Nao: Maruyama... You did it.
Eve: Aya-san! Congratulations!
Hina: Yeah, congrats!
Aya: I-I'm so happy~! I get to keep being the band's vocalist...!
Maya: Of course! I can't imagine a Pastel＊Palettes without you singing for us!
Chisato: We all feel the same way. I'm truly glad for you, Aya-chan. Let's keep working hard together.
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan... Yeah, let's... I swear I'll work even harder!
Nao: Just be sure you don't forget how you felt out here when the time comes to sing your classic idol song at the TIS~.
Hina: Hey, Nao-san. That whole thing about swapping out Aya-chan was all an act, right? You were just trying to motivate her to make this happen, weren't you?
Maya: H-Hina-san.
Hina: I don't see the harm in asking. So~?
Nao: ... Accusing me of deliberately faking it, huh? Not a chance. A play like that would've been all downsides.
Nao: Besides, the truth is the only thing that ever comes out of my mouth~.
Hina: Ahaha, I'm not entirely convinced of that one to begin with~.
Nao: Well, Hikawa, you're welcome to believe whatever you want.
Hina: I feel like you haven't given me a straight answer, but...
Hina: Just so we're clear, what you did this time was totally not boppin'.
Chisato: Hina-chan...
Nao: Huh~! I didn't expect to hear that one from you. I'll make really sure I don't forget that's how you see things~.
Hina: Thanks, that'd be great~!
Maya: U-um, would any of you like to grab something to eat?
Hina: Oh, me, me~! I'm literally starving~!
Aya: S-sure! I want to go too! I've been eyeing this summer desserts fair at a restaurant for a while~.
Chisato: Why don't we go together then? After all, you did manage to pass your test, so to speak. That's certainly cause for celebration.
Aya: Sounds great!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
