event231-04 Chapter 3: To Become a New Me

As Aya and Hina struggle to find a solution, they bump into someone.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Rei Wakana)

[Studio - Lobby]

Aya: Thanks, Hina-chan. I really appreciated the help tidying up~. I'm also so sorry we ended up having to rush and leave at the last minute.
Hina: It's all good. I got really into it too.
Aya: Fufu, yeah, but in my case, it wasn't my fault. I had to get into it because you kept playing the bridge differently each time. You really are such a free spirit.
Hina: A free spirit, huh~? I'm just playing whatever sound feels the most boppin' in the moment~♪
Hina: Besides, I like playing with you.
Hina: Ever since the other day, I've been thinking. You know, about what it'd be like without you singing.
Hina: I imagined you on the tambourine, me singing and playing the guitar. At first, it seemed like it could be fun...
Hina: But I realized it just didn't make me feel boppin'. The thought of being unable to see you sing anymore, well...
Hina: It felt kinda sad, you know?
Aya: Hina-chan...
Hina: I love playing the guitar with you guys! And the reason why, Aya-chan, is 'cause you're our vocalist.
Aya: Hina-chan... Sniff... Th-thanks...
Hina: Ahaha, you're crying too much~. You really are so interesting.
Hina: I wonder why Nao-san doesn't find your performance exciting though~. Even just seeing you does it for me~, but maybe that's 'cause I'm not like other people~.
???: Oh, Maruyama-san, Hikawa-san. Good evening.
Aya: Hey, LAYER-chan! What a coincidence running into each other here.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, true. I happened to be here today for a session musician job.
LAYER (Rei): When I was out in the hallway and heard a Pastel＊Palettes song, I thought it might be you... You seem to be working hard to prepare for the TIS.
Hina: Huh, I had no idea you knew about the TIS~!
LAYER (Rei): Of course I do. It's a very high-profile show in the industry, and besides, PAREO enthusiastically talks about Pastel＊Palettes all the time.
LAYER (Rei): By the way, where's everyone else...? Is it just the two of you practicing today?
Aya: Well... about that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

LAYER (Rei): I see. More exciting, huh...? That's a tough one...
Aya: Yeah... I get what she's saying. I just have absolutely no idea what I'm supposed to do...
Hina: Hey, LAYER-chan, if it were you, what would you do? I'm guessing you get lots of requests like this when you do session musician stuff.
LAYER (Rei): Huh, me? I'm not exactly an idol though...
Aya: Please, LAYER-chan! I could use any help I can get.
LAYER (Rei): Alright... I can't promise it'll be useful, but I'll try...
Aya: No problem. Thanks so much!
LAYER (Rei): Let's see... In my case, what I do is try out various things and have whoever I'm working with pick what clicks for them.
LAYER (Rei): Like if they give me a vague feel they're after, such as punchy or emotional, I try to narrow down the possibilities.
Hina: Huh, okay~. That pretty much sounds like what we've been doing.
LAYER (Rei): Hmm, well...
LAYER (Rei): I've worked with lots of adults who've made some tough requests. The toughest one, though, came from our very own producer... Fufu.
Aya: CHU²-san?
LAYER (Rei): Yes. So, right around when I first joined RAS...
LAYER (Rei): I didn't really have a sense or vision of what I wanted to do. I'd been working as a session musician, so I'd gotten used to getting by doing whatever was asked of me.
LAYER (Rei): CHU² saw right through all of that. She told me if I wanted to become a star that guides the band, I needed to surpass her expectations.
Aya: Surpass expectations...
LAYER (Rei): ... Oh, sorry. That probably made no sense.
Hina: No, actually. I think I get what you're saying. Basically, overcome your limits and step out of your comfort zone, right?
LAYER (Rei): Yes, pretty much...
Aya: Maybe that's what Nao-san meant by solid...
LAYER (Rei): Maruyama-san?
Aya: I've sung "Shuwarin☆Dreaming" so many dozens and hundreds of times that a part of me might've gotten the idea that I had to sing it a certain way...
Aya: I think I'm starting to understand what Nao-san's been getting at...!
Hina: Really, Aya-chan?
Aya: Yeah. My guess is, she's been trying to tell me the same thing as CHU²-san.
Aya: Hard work and all my experiences still matter, but they won't be enough to get me to where I want to go.
Aya: Changing how I dance or perform won't cut it either... I need to step out of my comfort zone!
Aya: I'm going to overcome my limits and become a new me who surpasses Nao-san's expectations...!
Aya: Unless I can do that... I don't think I'll ever become the kind of incredible idol that excites everyone.
Hina: Ooh, there's a spark in your eye now! Looks like you've managed to snap out of it!
Aya: Ehehe, really? Well... There's still the big question of how to become a new me though.
LAYER (Rei): In my case... what helped was something unrelated to trying to improve as a musician... CHU² and I fought, like really fought. We told each other exactly how we felt.
LAYER (Rei): That was my first time ever fighting someone. During the concert after all of that... I felt like I'd become a new person, as if I'd been reborn.
Hina: Huh, talk about unexpected. You never struck me as the fighting type, LAYER-chan!
Aya: Doing something for the first time ever, huh? I probably will have to do something just as extreme.
Hina: Extreme, huh~...
Hina & Aya: Hmm...
LAYER (Rei): Um... How about...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
