event231-05 Chapter 4: Precipice Idols

Aya and Hina have a plan that will allow Aya to surpass Nao's expectations...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa)

[The Same Day]

[Station Entrance]

Hina: The mini amp we borrowed has been placed, Aya-chan... Ready?
Aya: Ohh... A-are we really doing our street performance here? There seem to be a lot of people coming and going...
Hina: Ahaha! You're trembling like a Chihuahua~! What happened to the sparkly-eyed Aya-chan earlier that said, "I'll do it!" when LAYER-chan mentioned the idea~?
Aya: I-I know, but~... Now that I'm actually standing out here, I can really tell this is nothing like a concert venue.
Aya: People will be giving us looks and stuff...
Hina: You know, I'm never going to understand that side of you~♪
Hina: Well, just think of it as part of your first time ever. Let's do this~!
Aya: Wh-what?! W-wait~! I-I haven't mentally prepared yet~.
(Black cut)
Aya: Th-thank you very much!
Hina: Oh, wow~... I never expected absolutely nobody to stop and listen after playing all those songs~.
Aya: Yeah... I don't know if it's because everyone's busy or something, but people only gave us brief glances and kept going.
Aya: It makes me realize just how lucky we are at our shows.
Hina: Well, everyone at our shows is a fan~. It's one thing to entertain people who want to be there, it's another thing to get the attention of people who aren't interested.
Hina: Oh boy, looks like this street performance thing will be a lot harder than we expected~.
Aya: Yeah, it's definitely not easy, but... Fufu.
Hina: Hm? Why are you smiling?
Aya: I was just thinking about that time we were all trying to personally sell tickets in front of the station.
Hina: Oh, that~! I guess everyone's complete lack of interest is pretty similar.
Aya: No matter how hard we raised our voices and tried, nobody stopped...
Aya: I remember how happy I felt when we finally managed to sell a ticket... It was a hard time back then, wasn't it?
Hina: Back then? Now isn't much better. We're back to being at the edge of a precipice. Maybe being precipice idols is what we do♪
Aya: What~?! I don't wanna be that kind of idol~!
Aya: That said... you might be right.
Hina: Right?
Hina & Aya: Ahaha.
Aya: This situation has reminded me though...
Aya: Of how I felt back then. I was desperate to keep our band going and willing to do anything.
Aya: We've been through so much since then... Gained so many dear and precious things as a band. I never even realized just how much.
Aya: On some unconscious level, maybe I've been thinking of all those precious things I don't want to change as things that don't have to be changed...
Aya: Oh, sorry about all that sudden rambling...
Hina: It's totally fine~.
Hina: You never change, do you, Aya-chan?
Hina: I mean, you've grown, and you're better at all sorts of stuff, but who you are deep down inside is still the same.
Hina: During that little speech of yours to LAYER-chan, you were even more extra-Aya-chan than usual. Gosh, that was thrilling alright♪
Aya: E-extra-Aya-chan...? What do you mean...?
Hina: I'm just saying you're not the only one who's been recalling our early days! You really are so interesting, Aya-chan!
Hina: For me, you're this huge unknown that never grows dull! Considering how long we've been together, that's saying a lot! That's why I want you to keep doing it!
Hina: Show me, Aya-chan! I wanna see you be boppin'♪
Aya: Ahh! Hina-chan! Don't just suddenly start playing~.
Aya: (It's a new phrase! There you go again with your improvising. Ngh~, you really are such a free spirit, Hina-chan~.)
Aya: (... But I can see you sprinting ahead like the wind with the playful sound following you so freely.)
Aya: (Sometimes you glance back at me with a glimmer in your eye as you say, "Hurry up! Catch up to me so we can dance together.")
Aya: ("I wanna see you be more boppin'♪ I wanna have more fun with you.")
Aya: (Hina-chan, you asked for it...!)
Hina: ...!
Hina: (Whoa! So aggressive and willful! I had no idea you could sing this way!)
Hina: (Mmm, I like it! You really are so awesome, Aya-chan!)
Aya: (Her unpredictability throws me off my rhythm and makes me sing off-key. It's so chaotic... but also fun! I want to keep having fun with you like this more!)
(Black cut)
Passerby A: Hey, over there. Those two are doing a street performance. They seem to be having a really great time!
Passerby B: Yeah! And they're so cute too... Wait a sec. Aren't they one of the TIS idols?
Passerby A: Oh, wow, you're right! They do look familiar! Huh, I had no idea they did street performances!
Passerby C: It's kinda cool, don't you think? Think it's okay to take some pictures? I wanna upload some to my socials.
Aya: Thank you very much for the applause! Here's our next song! "Luminous Once More."
(Black cut)
(Background change)
