event231-03 Chapter 2: I...

Hina sees how hard Aya is pushing herself.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[During Solo Practice a Few Days Later]

[Studio]

Aya: Pant, pant, pant... Be conscious of every part of my body... And keep my eyes on the audience...
Aya: ... No, it won't be enough. Remember what Nao-san said yesterday...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[During Rehearsals a Few Days Earlier]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Nao: Maruyama. Were you even listening to what I said before?
Nao: Your dance technique's better, and you're attempting to engage the audience more with your singing. The quality of your performance has gone up considerably too.
Nao: But those are all just nothing more than cute little tricks.
Aya: I-I'm sorry... I'll change by next time...!
Nao: You said that yesterday and the day before that. What's it gonna be, Maruyama? Clock's ticking.
Aya: Th-there's still time left! I'm not giving up yet...
Nao: ... Suit yourself. By the way, you might want to make sure you eat and drink properly. You're an idol. You shouldn't be letting yourself get so pale.
Aya: I'll be more careful. Thank you for everything!
Chisato: Aya-chan...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: ... What am I even supposed to do then...?
Aya: No. If I'm going to end up stopping in my tracks, I need to practice! I'm sure the answer will be there somewhere...!
Aya: Oh! It's almost time to do some extra rehearsing with everyone. Gotta hurry...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: Aya-san is late... Do you think she is practicing on her own at another studio again?
Maya: She seems to be doing that lately whenever the agency's studios are unavailable.
Maya: She's even been squeezing in rehearsals in between work... I don't think she's had proper rest in a while.
Chisato: She's clearly overworking herself. If only we had some idea of what Nao-san means by exciting. The situation would be quite different if we did...
Maya: Knowing what she needs to do would put Aya-san's mind at ease somewhat as well.
Hina: You know~, there's this feeling I've had from the start. Doesn't this all seem like an act by Nao-san?
Eve: A-an act?
Hina: As in she's pretending to be a strict producer to stir up drama and spice things up in front of the camera.
Chisato: I did consider that possibility myself initially.
Chisato: However, there's sincerity behind her words. That kind of intensity isn't something that can be feigned.
Maya: I feel the same way... Besides, swapping vocalists is too risky.
Hina: You guys do have a point, I guess~.
Hina: But... It just feels like a bit of both. Nao-san's so hard to read~.
Aya: Hey, guys~! Sorry for being late~!
Eve: It's okay, Aya-san... A-are you sure you are well? You look a little pale.
Aya: Uh~, really? Maybe it's because of the bit of running I did to get here. I'm totally fine~!
Aya: Alright, let's get right to practice, shall we? Just let me set up my mic stand and... Ahh!
Maya: Aya-san?!
Aya: Ow... Ahaha, I can't believe I tripped over my own feet~. Sorry about that. I'm fine. Nothing to worry about.
Chisato: Aya-chan... You should probably head home today.
Aya: Huh? Wh-why?! I just tripped a little. I can totally still practice!
Chisato: Nao-san mentioned it, too, but you're visibly exhausted. I won't tell you to stop trying. However, I don't want you to collapse from exhaustion either...
Eve: Please, at least rest today. We will try to find a solution for you while you do!
Aya: Okay... Thanks, guys. I'll go home and rest then.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Aya: (... I guess I need to call and tell the studio I've booked that I need to cancel...)
Aya: (Oh... There's a TIS poster up here...)
Aya: ("The winners will perform at the Budokan!" The stage where every idol dreams of performing... We said we would get up there and become legends... We swore it.)
Aya: ("... Someone who never gets discouraged, and never gives up! Someone who always smiles!")
Aya: Guys... I'm sorry! I...!
Hina: ... Gosh, you really are so you~, Aya-chan♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Studio Staff: Okay then, once you're done, please come to the lobby to let us know as always.
Aya: I will. Thank you very much.
Hina: Heya~! You sure took your sweet time, Aya-chan~!
Aya: Huh?! Hina-chan?! What are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be practicing with everyone else...?
Hina: I told them something came up and left early~.
Hina: You know, you're so predictable! I wasn't sure if you were actually going to do it, but you really did swing by another studio~.
Aya: Ngh... I-I'm sorry. I couldn't just do nothing...
Hina: If it's what you wanna do, I'm not gonna stop you.
Hina: But like Chisato-chan said, I don't want you collapsing either. That's why I'm going to be keeping my eye on you!
Aya: Okay... Sorry for the trouble. And thanks.
Hina: All good~. Let's start practicing. Every second counts, right?
Aya: Yeah, true!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
