event231-07 Ending: For Our Fans

The first round of the TIS has begun. What will the results be...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Tokyo Idol Summit First Round Live Broadcast]

[TIS - Recording Studio]

Aya: Ngh~... The results are going to be announced soon... My heart's beating so hard it hurts~.
Eve: Aya-san, try taking deep breaths!
Hina: Ahaha, relax. It's so interesting how you were having the time of your life performing on stage, but now you're back to being a nervous wreck again~!
Maya: The amount of confidence you displayed out there really was impressive, Aya-san. I was able to do my best because you inspired me!
Chisato: Yes. Positively influencing each other... allowed us to perform in a new way. All we can do now is wait for the results.
Aya: True. We did everything we could that we're capable of right now.
TIS Host: The judges have finished rating the performances... and it looks like the viewer votes have just been tallied!
TIS Host: It's now time to announce the results of the first round of the Tokyo Idol Summit! The following groups from Group A will be advancing to the next round!
Pastel＊Palettes: ...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[TIS Dressing Room]

Aya: Sigh~. That was so nerve-racking~.
Hina: Ahaha, that was one long sigh!
Eve: In any case, I am just so happy! We have managed to get through the first round!
Chisato: True. However, we did place closer to the bottom. It'll only get harder from here.
Nao: What Shirasagi said. You've got a lot of improving to do if you want to make it through the second round.
Aya: Right...
Nao: Well, anyway, you guys did good today!
Pastel＊Palettes: Thank you!
Nao: How about we all go grab something nice to eat? You survived the first round, and that means we should celebrate~!
Hina: Yay~! Can we pick anything? Even sushi or Korean barbecue?
Nao: You bet! Chinese, all-you-can-eat dessert, everything's fair game! Just for today, you all can even forget about trying to maintain your figure~!
Aya: Th-this is the best news of my life~! You're the best~, Nao-san!
Nao: Of course, you'll still have to burn off any excess baggage you pick up today, but no need to worry about that for now!
Aya: Aww~! Bummer~!
Chisato: Fufu, it looks like it was a bit too good to be true, wasn't it, Aya-chan?
Maya: Ahaha... Yeah.
Eve: ... I have to say I am somewhat relieved.
Maya: Hm?
Eve: Now that the first round is over, it feels like we are finally able to smile with Nao-san...
Maya: ... True. Things have been a bit tense until today.
Aya: Oh, before I forget...! Can we all take some pictures together before we start eating? I want some for my socials.
Chisato: Certainly. I'm sure our fans will appreciate the gesture.
Aya: Fufu, yeah. Wow, there are already so many posts congratulating us on making it through the first round!
Eve: There is even a custom TIS hashtag for showing us support! This is something that I am very grateful for!
Aya: Yeah. We wouldn't have advanced this time without the fan support.
Chisato: Yes. The viewer vote did have a significant impact on the results for us.
Hina: By the way, I heard our street performance got a ton of attention. I had no idea at all we were being filmed.
Maya: Apparently, quite a few people became our fans after the buzz surrounding it.
Chisato: Both our new fans and everyone who has been with us this whole time must be praying for our success.
Aya: We have to do our best for their sake, too, then!
Chisato: Yes. They're the ones who let us be idols, so we owe it to them to live up to their expectations. Doing our best to make our fans smile should be our top priority.
Nao: ... Making fans smile is your top priority?
Nao: Shirasagi, let me get this straight. You think living up to fan expectations is what matters the most?
Chisato: Hm...? Yes, I do...?
Nao: Man~... Talk about a letdown~. I'm so disappointed in you, Shirasagi.
Chisato: ... Nao-san?
Nao: That's your motivation for being an idol? Pleasing fans? Are you for real?
Nao: I see now. I guess you're the one who's been dragging down the band the most.
Chisato: N-Nao-san...
Nao: Looks like I had it all wrong~. The vocalist wasn't what needed changing, it was you all along, Shi-
Aya: Hold on, please!
Nao: What is it, Maruyama?
Aya: Um, I'm not sure this is going to come out right, Nao-san... but why are you so angry?
Aya: I don't think Chisato-chan said anything wrong.
Nao: ... Right, right. My bad, yeah.
Nao: Let me add this to my to-do list and file it away in the corner of my mind. Anyway, now's probably a good time to head home, wouldn't you say?
Chisato: ... I-I believe so...
Aya: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: (Tokyo Idol Summit, Group A, Round One... Out of the ten groups that advanced, Pastel＊Palettes placed seventh.)
Aya: (We thought winning our way through the TIS would make us stronger as a band and allow us to shine more brightly.)
Aya: (None of us doubted it at all back then...)
(Black cut)
