event317-02 Chapter 1: Lost as Ever

On the way to the shrine, Eve and the others share story after story of Kanon getting lost. How does Nanami take it...?

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kanon Matsubara, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Residential Area]

Ako: Come to think of it, where did you get lost, Kanon?
Kanon: Over by the residential area.
Eve: That must've been rough... If Nanami-san hadn't been there, we might not have been able to meet up yet...
Kanon: Yeah... I'm really glad I ran into Nanami-chan~
Nanami: Um... Kanon-senpai, are you... kind of bad with directions...?
Kanon: Ugh... S-sorry for causing you trouble...!
Nanami: No, no. More like, "Ohh, I see." So that's how you end up getting lost~
Nanami: I've never gotten lost before, so it feels kinda strange~
Kanon: Huh?! Nanami-chan, you've never gotten lost?!
Nanami: I don't think I have~ Kanon-senpai, do you get lost a lot?
Kanon: U-um~...
Eve: Fufufu... Nanami-san. Kanon-san is amazing!
Kanon: E-Eve-chan...!
Eve: Like today, getting lost on the way to meet up happens all the time!
Eve: The other day, when we went to hang out at the next station over, we couldn't meet up for ages, so we walked around while talking on the phone!
Tae: I’ve got a Kanon-senpai getting-lost story too. It was when we ran into each other at the mall...
Tae: We said hi and went our separate ways, but then I kept spotting her lost on different floors, and while I was showing her around, I realized we were shopping together.
Ako: And even when you’re with her, she sometimes ends up getting lost before you know it?!
Ako: We went through the ticket gate together, and then next thing I knew, she was on the platform on the other side... That seriously freaked me out!
Nanami: Ooh~... the getting-lost stories just keep coming...
Kanon: Ugh... How embarrassing...
Ako: So, Nanami, don’t let your guard down, okay? Keep an eye on Kanon!
Nanami: Roger~ I’ll keep a close watch.
Ako: But even when you’re careful, you still end up getting separated before you know it...
Eve: ...Ah! I just thought of something! Kanon-san, could you hold out your hand for me?
Kanon: My hand? Um, okay. Here you go.
Eve: Thank you! Then, so we don’t get separated, let’s hold hands like this as we go!
Nanami: I see~! Then I'll secure Kanon-senpai's other hand~
Kanon: Fufu! Both hands got caught. Yeah, if we do this, we won’t get separated.
Tae: All right. Then I’ll secure Ako’s hand.
Ako: Huh?! Why me too?!
Tae: Heh, you left yourself wide open!
Ako: Ah! Geez~! I can handle myself~!
Tae: C'mon, c'mon. Walking around holding hands like this is kinda fun, isn't it?
Ako: Hmph... It's not like it isn't fun, but...
Eve: It really feels like we're close friends, doesn't it?! Somehow, it's even more exciting than usual!
Nanami: Ahaha. These days, you don't really get chances to walk around holding hands with someone, do you~?
Eve: From now on, whenever I go out with Kanon-san, I'll hold her hand. It's reassuring, and it's fun, too!
Nanami: I think that's a great idea. And Kanon-senpai too...
Nanami: ...Huh?
Nanami: ...E-Eve-senpai. We were definitely holding Kanon-senpai's hand, right...?
Eve: ...! We should have been...! And yet, why...?!
Ako: How do you get lost even when you're holding hands?!
Tae: I thought she was right there just a second ago...
Nanami: Anyway, let's look for her. She should still be nearby...
Kanon: Ah! Thank goodness... I caught up!
Eve: Kanon-san?!
Ako: Jeez, where'd you go?! You just vanished out of nowhere, and it totally freaked me out~!
Kanon: S-sorry! There was this cute cafe at the last corner, and I just really wanted to take a picture...
Nanami: So you just wandered right over...
Eve: But it's such a lovely photo! I kind of want to go check out this cafe!
Tae: It's right over there, right? Since we're here, I wanna stop for some tea.
Ako: Seconded!
