event317-04 Chapter 3: The Shrine Experience

The group arrives at the shrine, but the line for stamp collecting is longer than expected...?

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kanon Matsubara, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Shrine]

Ako: We made it~! ...Wait, whoa! There are so many people!
Tae: And there are food stalls too, so it’s really lively~. It’s New Year’s, all right!
Eve: With this many people, we could easily get separated without noticing... We need to be careful.
Nanami: Yeah. Kanon-senpai, make sure you stay with me, okay?
Kanon: Thanks, Nanamin.
Tae: All right then, where should we start? Getting a goshuin? Or should we pray first?
Nanami: Come to think of it, what do you actually do when you collect goshuin?
Ako: Ako was wondering too! How do you get one?
Kanon: Hmm, I don’t think there’s anything special you have to do.
Kanon: You pray, and then you receive the goshuin as proof, kind of like that. So you do need to pray first, though.
Kanon: Oh, and you’ll need a goshuincho too. It’s kind of like a notebook you use to get your goshuin.
Ako: Huh?! Ako doesn’t have one!
Kanon: It’s okay. At this shrine, you can buy one when you get your goshuin.
Nanami: Huh~ So that’s how it works.
Eve: You don’t have to overthink it. Everyone, you should definitely try getting one!
Eve: What matters most is showing proper respect when you visit a shrine or temple. Let's make sure we don't forget that!
Tae, Ako & Nanami: Okaaay!
Nanami: All right, first we pay our respects. Then we get our goshuin... Oh, and you were going for an omamori, right, O-Tae-senpai?
Tae: Yeah. But I guess the omamori can wait. It looks super crowded right now.
Kanon: Maybe we should wait a bit on the goshuin, too. There's a pretty long line...
Ako: Then let's start by paying our respects, and after that, we can draw omikuji and check out the food stalls!
Ako: Then we'll line up when it's gotten a little shorter!
Eve: Agreed! Let's have fun while we wait!
Nanami: Ahaha, yeah. Okay, let's do that~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shrine - Omikuji Booth]

Tae: Eve, how'd your omikuji turn out?
Eve: Great blessing! Looks like this year will be wonderful, too♪
Tae: Hehe, that's good. Mine wasn't bad, either. What about you, Ako?
Ako: Mmmmmm...
Eve: Ako-san? Was it... not very good...?
Ako: Hmm... Overall, it wasn't too bad! I got a better one than I did on my New Year's shrine visit!
Eve: That's great! Congratulations!
Ako: But, like... in the academics part... It said, "Don't slack off and keep at it"...
Ako: It said the same thing on my New Year's shrine visit, too~. Ugh, I gotta stay on top of it!
Ako: Hey, hey! What about you, Nanami and Kanon??
Nanami: Let's see... Oh, yay~!
Kanon: Wow, was yours a great blessing, Nanami-chan? That's amazing!
Nanami: Nope, it was just a blessing~
Kanon: Huh, a blessing?
Nanami: Yeah. I'm glad I got one~
Kanon: Um... It's not a great blessing, but you're still happy?
Nanami: Yeah. For fortunes here, "blessing" is right in the middle, I guess~
Kanon: ?? O-oh, is that so? That's good... right?
Nanami: Thank you. How was yours, Kanon-senpai?
Kanon: I got a blessing, too. It said my travels would be "free of hindrances." Sounds like I'll still get to go café-hopping again this year.
Kanon: And... overall, it’s basically saying not to rush, and that slow and steady wins the race~
Nanami: Slow and steady wins the race...
Nanami: That kinda sounds perfect for you, Kanon-senpai~
Kanon: Fufu, you're right!
