event317-05 Chapter 4: Mission Accomplished!

When Kanon returns to the meeting spot after shopping, Nanami seems to be staring at something...?

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kanon Matsubara, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Shrine]

Kanon: I ended up buying a bunch of stuff... and it took longer than I thought. I need to hurry back to everyone...
Kanon: ...H-huh?
Kanon: W-where did everyone go...? I'm pretty sure they were around here...
Nanami: Oh, Kanon-senpai! Over here~!
Kanon: Nanami-chan! Sorry for making you wait... I got baby castella for us.
Nanami: Wah~ Thank you so much. It looks delicious~
Kanon: By the way... is it just you, Nanami-chan? Where'd everyone else go?
Nanami: Eve-senpai said the line might be starting to clear up, so she went to check the goshuin line...
Nanami: Ako-chan and O-Tae-senpai are over at that cotton candy stand.
Kanon: Oh, you're right. They're in line.
Nanami: Eve-senpai asked me to keep an eye out for you, Kanon-senpai, so I waited here~
Kanon: Fufu, thanks. Weren't you bored, being alone?
Nanami: No, no~ I was reading the writing on this stone monument.
Nanami: And this sign has the history of the surrounding area too... There was a lot I didn't know, so it was pretty interesting.
Kanon: Fufu, so you read stuff like that too, Nanami-chan. I always end up taking my time reading it too.
Kanon: Oh, and I’ve been trying to look at the map pretty often, too.
Nanami: A map?
Kanon: Yeah. So I won’t get stuck if I get lost...
Nanami: Come to think of it, after you drew your fortune slip earlier, you were staring at a map nearby, weren’t you?
Nanami: You’re taking proper precautions and everything... Kanon-senpai, you’re amazing~
Kanon: Fufufu, thanks.
Eve: Oh, Kanon-san! You’re back!
Kanon: Welcome back, Eve-chan.
Nanami: Did O-Tae-senpai and the others manage to buy the cotton candy?
Tae: You bet. I got some for everyone, too.
Eve: ...Ah! Snacks are important, but everyone! I checked a moment ago, and the line for the goshuin was short!
Eve: Let’s go get in line while we can!
Kanon: Yeah! All right, let’s go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Whoa~... So this is this shrine’s goshuin...
Kanon: Fufu, I’m glad everyone got theirs safely.
Tae: Somehow... just looking at them kinda makes me feel all reverent.
Ako: I know~! Like, shwing, and then bam, y'know? It's sooo cool~!
Ako: Now I totally get why there was such a huge line! I want one for sure!
Eve: Depending on the shrine or temple, goshuin designs really can vary a lot.
Eve: So if this inspires you... I think it could be fun to visit all kinds of places to pray!
Tae: Yeah, I think I wanna start collecting them too. I heard some places even have rabbit goshuin.
Ako: Me too! I wanna try going to some famous shrines far away!
Tae: And if it's a town you've never been to, even the walk to the shrine sounds like fun. Feels like you'd make all kinds of discoveries.
Nanami: True, and today we even found a lovely cafe thanks to Kanon-senpai~
Eve: ...? Um... where's Kanon-san?
Tae: Huh? Kanon-senpai was right there... Wait, what?
Ako: ...M-maybe...
Nanami: Kanon-senpai... again...?!
