event317-07 Ending: Not Lost, Just...

Nanami finds Kanon safe and sound. But while waiting for the others, Kanon's expression seems a little downcast-

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kanon Matsubara, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Shrine]

Nanami: ...All right, I got in touch with everyone. I think they'll be here soon~
Kanon: Ugh... Nanami-chan, thank you so much...
Nanami: What's wrong? Kanon-senpai, you don't look too well...
Kanon: Yeah... I just feel bad all over again for dragging everyone around...
Kanon: I should've at least said something before I left. When I saw that little kid crying, I just... got distracted and went over there without thinking...
Kanon: This always happens when I get lost, too. I end up noticing all sorts of things, and before I know it, I've gotten separated from everyone...
Nanami: I see~...
Nanami: But I thought that part of you was really wonderful, Kanon-senpai.
Kanon: Huh...?
Nanami: I mean, you noticed that kid right away because you were paying attention to what was going on around you, right?
Nanami: And I'm sure she can wait for her parents with a smile because you spoke to her so quickly.
Nanami: Plus, because your eyes are drawn to so many things, you even spotted this wonderful cafe today!
Kanon: Fufu. Yeah, it really was a lovely place.
Nanami: Exactly. And most of all... if you hadn't gotten lost, Kanon-senpai, I wouldn't have been able to spend New Year's like this with everyone.
Nanami: I probably would've just gone straight home without running into anyone.
Nanami: So that’s why I’m here right now... It’s thanks to Kanon-senpai getting lost... or, well, taking a little detour!
Kanon: Nanami-chan... Fufu, a detour, huh. I never thought of it that way.
Ako: Kanoooon! Nanamiii!
Nanami: Oh, everyone’s here.
Kanon: Sorry for worrying you guys! Thanks for coming to look for me.
Tae: No, we’re just glad you’re safe.
Eve: Nanami-san told me what happened! Kanon-san, helping a child in trouble was very admirable!
Ako: But I freaked out because I thought you got lost again~. Next time, tell us first, okay?!
Kanon: Yeah, I will. I’ll be more careful from now on.
Ako: Well then, we found Kanon, got our goshuin, so let’s head home!
Eve: Oh, by the way, Tae-san, you said you were going to buy an omamori, right?
Tae: Yeah, it’s fine. I already bought one earlier.
Eve: Then does anyone have anything else you might be forgetting?
Tae: We drew our fortunes, and we ate tons of food from the stalls... Yeah, I don’t think so.
Ako: Ako’s all set too! Let’s go home before it gets dark!
Eve: Yes! Let's go!
Kanon: Ah...
Nanami: Kanon-senpai, let's go~... Huh, what's wrong?
Kanon: Ah, yeah! I was just thinking those plum blossoms over there are blooming a little.
Tae: Oh, you're right.
Ako: Where, where? Whoa~ That tiny one? It's so cute!
Eve: Even though it's a bit early for flowers... I feel like we got to see something special!
Nanami: And the fact that it's just a little bit makes it feel extra classy~
Nanami: ...Fufu, thanks to Kanon-senpai's little detour, we got to see something lovely~
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Eve: Everyone, thank you for today! I had so much fun!
Nanami: I had a blast too~
Tae: Now I get why collecting goshuin is so fun... Maybe we should all go visit again sometime.
Ako: We totally should! And don't forget our café plan!
Kanon: Then I guess we'll have to get together again soon.
Eve: Fufu, I can't wait already!
Nanami: All right, I’ll head this way, then~
Ako: Yeah! Bye-bye, Nanami~!
Kanon: Nanami-chan, thanks for today. I’ll message you again!
Nanami: ...Fufu, that was fun. Made for a nice New Year’s.
Nanami: Now then... All that’s left is heading home, but...
Nanami: ...
Nanami: ...Since I’m here, maybe I’ll take a little detour on the way back.
(White cut)
(Background change)
