event253-01 Opening: Invitation To Sakura Party!

Anon and Taki come to RiNG. When they call out to the excited Kasumi...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Anon Chihaya, Taki Shina)

[RiNG - Entrance]

Kasumi: Saya, Saya~♪  I've replaced the flyers! Next, I'll go check out the inventory at the café~♪.
Saya: Hey, Kasumi, aren't you feeling kind of excited today?
Kasumi: Ehehe~. Actually~...
Ririko: Good work, Kasumi-chan, Saya-chan.
Saya & Kasumi: Thanks for your hard work!
Ririko: Fufu. You two are always so energetic.
Ririko: By the way, how are the preparations going?
Kasumi: It's all in order! It's an important job that will affect the future of RiNG, so we're working on it with a lot of energy!
Taki: Thank you for your hard work... What are you talking about?
Kasumi: Welcome! Taki-chan, Anon-chan! Are you making studio reservations now?
Taki: Yes, but... weren't you talking about something serious just now?
Ririko: Yes. Well, “affect the future of” is a bit of an exaggeration, but... actually, I'm thinking of having a sakura party hosted by RiNG.
Anon: Wow~! It's kind of unusual to have a sakura party hosted by a studio, isn't it?
Ririko: There are still some bands around here who have never used RiNG's studio, right?
Ririko: Through this event, we hope that this sakura party will be a good opportunity for them to know about and use RiNG.
Taki: The fact that RiNG is hosting this event means that I have to help out as a staff member, right? This is the first time I'm hearing about this.
Ririko: We finally came to an agreement the other day, and I was just about to tell everyone about it today~.
Anon: Don't sulk, Rikki.
Saya: Sorry, Taki-chan. Kasumi and I were asked to talk to band girls who might be interested in joining us, so we found out slightly earlier.
Taki: I'm not sulking... That's enough.
Kasumi: Hey, hey, Taki-chan, Anon-chan. Would MyGO!!!!! like to join the sakura party?
Anon: Oh~, I appreciate you inviting us, but I feel that for MyGO!!!!!, RiNG is already our home...
Ririko: Oh, Taki-chan, you can join in with the band members as usual. I'm going to ask Kasumi-chan and Saya-chan to organize the bands that have joined the event, and have them enjoy the sakura party afterwards.
Kasumi: Let's do the sakura party~! It will definitely be fun!
Saya: I'm calling on various bands right now. It's going to be pretty lively.
Anon: Are they bands that we know?
Saya: Yeah, probably.  Among the bands that have played with MyGO!!!!! before, Afterglow is one we've gotten a response from already.
Taki: Afterglow-san...!?
Kasumi: Also, I just got replies from Morfonica, Hello, Happy World! and Pastel*Palettes! Roselia and RAISE A SUILEN will come if they finish their errands early!
Saya: Kasumi, that's why you were so excited just now.
Kasumi: That's right!
Anon: Except for Afterglow, maybe I don't know much about the other bands. Morfonica, Hello, Happy World! and Paspare...
Anon: Huh? By Paspare, do you mean Pastel*Palettes?
Kasumi: Yeah, that's the idol band Pastel*Palettes!
Anon: Oh, they're celebrities! Then I wanna join the sakura party!
Taki: Huh!? You're just going on your own again...!
Anon: But you want to talk to Afterglow too, don't you?
Taki: Not Afterglow, Afterglow-san.
Anon: You're too hung up on the details~
Ririko: Interacting with other bands is one of the best parts of band activities. We'd be happy if MyGO!!!!! could join us too.
Saya: MyGO!!!!! has just started to play as a band, and it would be a great opportunity to hear from others with experience.
Taki: That's for sure...
Anon: Rikki has agreed to join, so MyGO!!!!! will join too!
Kasumi: Yay~! Then, let's exchange contact information later!
Taki: Even Toyama-senpai...
Anon: I'll talk to you when we're done practicing, Kasumi-senpai. Then, see you later~!
Kasumi: Yup! Good luck with practice!
Kasumi: Ehehe! It's going to be a lot of fun at the sakura party~♪.
