event253-04 Chapter 3: Unexpected Encounters

Tomori picks up a stone that resembles a cherry blossom petal. Hina is curious about what she is doing--.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rei Wakana, Tomori Takamatsu, Rana Kaname)

[Park]

Tomori: ...
Tomori: (Cherry blossoms... petals, amazing...)
Tomori: (Oh, there's a stone lying around... cute shape... looks like a cherry petal)
Tomori: ... I'll take it home.
???: Staaare...
Tomori: Eh...?
Hina: Hey, your name's Tomori-chan, right? What did you just pick up?
Tomori: Well, let's see... a stone... that looks like a cherry blossom...
Hina: Do you collect stones that look like cherry blossoms, Tomori-chan?
Tomori: Not just ones like cherry blossoms, but marble stones and... many more...
Hina: No way, that's interesting! Tell me more about it!
Tomori: More about it... let's see...
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai, please don't bother your junior too much. Tomori-chan, Hina-senpai was last year's student council president of Haneoka.
Hina: Oh, you're a Haneoka student, Tomori-chan. Hey, hey, what's going on with the astronomy club now?
Tomori: Oh... it's me, a member of the astronomy club...
Hina: Really?! What a coincidence to meet a junior member of the club here!
Tsugumi: I only knew one person joined the astronomy club, but turns out it was you, Tomori-chan.
Hina: So, did you find the journal?
Tomori: ...!  "I'll leave the rest to you, the future members of the astronomy club"...
Hina: I wrote that! The past journal articles are interesting, too, so read them sometime.
Sayo: You're kind of excited, aren't you?
Hina: Oh, Sis! Sit down next to me!
Tsugumi: You said it was up to the site if you could participate or not, but looks like you finished earlier.
Sayo: Yeah, the meeting went smoother than I expected.
Hina: That's great, Sis! Meeting? Are you going to do another live show? Or is it about a new song?
Sayo: Oh, Hina. I'll tell you about it later, so give me some space.
Hina: Yeees♪.
Tomori: ...
Sayo: ...? What is it?
Tomori: Could it be that you're on the poster in our club room...
Sayo: ... What do you mean?
Hina: We have a poster of Roselia in the astronomy club room. Didn't I tell you?
Sayo: I've never heard of that before. What's the point of bringing personal items that aren't related to club activities into the club room?
Sayo: Hazawa-san, I'm sorry to trouble you, but can you remove it soon?
Hina: Eh? Why, oh, why? But It's my favorite poster!
Tsugumi: Oh well, Sayo-san. It doesn't seem to be hindering their activities...
Tomori: Y-yes... It would... feel more like a club room... that way...
Hina: That's right --♪ Tomori-chan, you understand me--!
Sayo: Honestly... Hazawa-san, you're way too soft on Hina.
Tsugumi: E-he-he... But the astronomy club room is wonderful because it's filled with memories of the club members, so I want to treasure it.
Hina: Hey, hey, Tomori-chan, if you have anything that feels boppin'♪, you can bring it to the club room as much as you like too.
Hina: From now on, I want you to make your own wonderful astronomy club. I'll be there to see it at the festival or something!
Tomori: Y-yes...! I'll do my best...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
LAYER (Rei): Wow, everyone is getting excited. Where shall I be seated... ?
Lisa: LAYER~! Come here, there's a seat next to me.
LAYER (Rei): Lisa-san. Thank you, I'll take you up on that then.
Kaoru: Hi, welcome. LAYER-chan, I heard you had plans before the sakura party too. Thanks for your hard work.
Yukina: I heard all the RAS members were interviewed for a magazine. CHU² told me about it on our way here.
Maya: Rei-san, you've been particularly active lately, haven't you? I hear you've been in high demand as a support player as well.
LAYER (Rei): No, I still have a long way to go.
Lisa: Everyone is so busy these days~. Well then, let's relax while looking at the cherry blossoms today☆.
Lisa: Huh, come to think of it, aren't we all members of this group from our school excursion? It's so nostalgic~!
LAYER (Rei): School excursion... I see, everyone else is from Haneoka, right?
Maya: We were in the same group on our school excursion. And Hina-san was there too.
Lisa: We had a lot of fun in Australia~! Shopping, the zoo, the Opera House and so on!
Yukina: That was a great memory. But I was a bit nervous about missing the bus at the last minute.
Kaoru: Fufu... but even that was a page from our glorious youth!
LAYER (Rei): That's nice... I don't have any band mates at the same school, so I envy you all for that.
Kaoru: Even though RAS kittens were born on different stars, they met each other through strong attraction... Ah, how fleeting...!
LAYER (Rei): Umm...?
Maya: It's amazing to be in such a tight-knit band, even though you're all from different schools, or something like that.
LAYER (Rei): I-I see. Thank you so much.
Lisa: Hey, you guys. I'm just going to share the food, is that okay?
LAYER (Rei): Oh, I'll help you out. If you want something sweet, there are muffins, what flavor do you like?
Rana: Matcha.
LAYER (Rei): What?
Rana: I want to eat Matcha flavor.
Rana: ... Can't I?
Lisa: No, I don't mind at all if you eat it~...
Kaoru, Maya & LAYER: Who...?
