event253-06 Chapter 5: At The Blooming Circle Corner

The members get excited about various topics. Meanwhile, Soyo is not really into it…

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rokka Asahi, Reona Nyubara, Soyo Nagasaki)

[Park]

Arisa: I said hello to many people, but in the end, we settled on this group of people.
Rinko: That's right... but I'm glad.
Rinko: I also just wanted to talk about the drama Shirasagi-san is in...
Nanami: Fufu, we've been totally hooked since the escape game.
PAREO (Reona): I appreciate your comments in the group chat every week.
Arisa: You know... by the way, have you guys been busy lately...?
Nanami: Why is that?
Arisa: No, I'm just asking. Ahaha...
Rinko: Maybe... Did you want to invite us out, or something...?
Arisa: Eh, h-how did you know that!?
Rinko: Fufu... I've been with you for a year...
Arisa: Oh, I see... No, I mean, let's see...
Arisa: I happened to find an interesting escape game the other day. I wondered if we all would like to play together...
PAREO (Reona): I want to go~! It'll be definitely fun to play with you all♪.
Nanami: Of course, I agree too.
Arisa: I'm glad to hear that...! Well, I'm sure I've got the official page on my smartphone here... There it is. It's much smaller than last time, though.
PAREO (Reona): The theme is a fairy tale, isn't it? The explanation page is too cute with its fairy tale atmosphere~!
Nanami: It says it'll take 1 hour, so if we have time afterwards, why don't we go to a café afterwards?
Nanami: I'll ask Toko-chan for some stylish and relaxing cafés.
Arisa: Thank you, Nanami-chan...! Then, I'll send everyone the official page...
Nanami: It's been a while since I've played an escape game~. I'm already getting excited now. Aren't you~, PARE-PARE?
PAREO (Reona): Me too, Macchii-san!
Arisa & Rinko: Fufufu...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Soyo: ...
Saya: Soyo-chan, I have cookies, but do you want some? Or would you prefer something salty?
Soyo: Wow, thank you very much. I'll have some cookies then.
Rimi: If you like sweets, there are pastries from Yamabuki Bakery. They are all very tasty and highly recommended.
Soyo: Thank you very much. Then, maybe I'll have a cream bun~.
Ako: Oh, come to think of it, where is Anon? We were together when we came back from the convenience store, right?
Saya: Isn't she with Maya-san and the others? She said she was going to take a picture with Pastel*Palettes.
Soyo: It seems so~, fufu...
LOCK (Rokka): Nagasaki-san, you are a high school student, right? Which school do you go to?
Soyo: Oh, you don't have to use honorifics. I'm a first-year student.
LOCK (Rokka): Is that so? Oh, I'm using honorifics again~...!
Soyo: I go to Tsukinomori, the same school as Kurata-senpai.
Mashiro: Y-You know about me?
Soyo: I saw you at the Tsukinomori Music Festival when I was in the middle school division. I remembered you because bands were so rare.
Saya: Fufu. You're famous, Mashiro.
Mashiro: T-that's not true... But I see... Soyo-chan, you're a junior at Tsukinomori...
Mashiro: I think it's different now that you've moved up to high school. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me...!
Soyo: Yes, thank you very much.
LOCK (Rokka): You seem like a senior, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: E-he-he, I guess so...
Ako: But maybe Soyo kind of looks more mature. I can see why Rokka uses honorifics without thinking~.
LOCK (Rokka): Right! She not only looks mature but her calm atmosphere makes her look like an older sis...
Mashiro: I-I'm already a sophomore and an older sis too!
Toko: Yay, are you having fun!?
Rimi: Yikes! What a surprise!
Soyo: Kirigaya-senpai...!
Toko: Oh, what's that? Maybe, are you a fan of mine?
Mashiro: She remembered us from our performance at the Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Soyo: Ah, no, Kirigaya-senpai... was a famous person before that...
Toko: Well, either way, that means she's my fan! What should we do, take a picture? Would you prefer an autograph? Rejoice~ you rarely get this kind of opportunity!
Soyo: Ahh... then, let's take a picture...
Toko: Then, let's take one! Three, two, one...Yay!
Soyo: Wow~...
Soyo: (I've decided now... I'll go home as soon as possible...)
