event253-02 Chapter 1: Lively And Overlapping

Bands are gathering one after another to take part in the sakura party hosted by RiNG--.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Taki Shina)

[RiNG - Entrance]

Kokoro: Oh, my! There are so many people here!
Misaki: Toyama-san and Yamabuki-san must have talked to many bands!
Kanon: It's so clean since it just opened. Oh, yeah, how about next practice at RiNG?
Kaoru: Oh, Kanon. What a great idea... That great Shakespeare said...
Kaoru: "Habits are important, but some habits are better to break than to keep."...
Misaki: Okay, okay, let's talk about that later.  Well, I think the schedule was registration and opening toast, then we'll move on to the sakura party venue...
Kasumi: Yoo-hoo, everyone! Welcome!
Hagumi: Oh, Kaa-kun! Happy! Lucky!
Kasumi: Po-pi-pa-pa-pi-po-paaa!
Kasumi & Hagumi: Yay!
Misaki: Toyama-san, you're as excited as ever~.
Saya: Fufu, she's so excited to meet everyone today since this morning!
Saya: By the way, have you registered to join yet, Hello, Happy World!? It's at the counter, so if you don't mind, go and write down the name of the representative and the band name.
Misaki: Thanks, I was just looking for it. Okay, I'm off then.
Kaoru: Thank you as always, Misaki. To you, I offer you my sincere gratitude...
Rimi & Himari: Haaa~h...!
Rimi: A college student Kaoru-san is cool too~...!
Himari: Yeah, yeah, she has a different aura, doesn't she?
Kaoru: Oh, aren't you lovely kittens fans of mine? Why not come closer instead of staying over there?
Rimi & Himari: Squeal~~~!
Arisa: Hey, Rimi, what's going on all of a sudden? Why are you making such a loud voice...?
Tomoe: Himari, everyone turned around.
Himari: Oh, no! Sorry~!
Kanon: Fufu. So everyone from Poppin'Party and Afterglow was already here?
Kasumi: Yes! Everyone from Pastel*Palettes is here too! Morfonica's members had something to do at school that couldn't be moved, so they're coming in a little late.
Kokoro: Hey, hey, Kasumi. We have new people joining us today, don't we?
Kasumi: Yeah, that's right! I've asked some of the recently formed bands to join us... You know, those girls!
Anon: Wow, maybe this is the first time I've ever seen so many people at RiNG~.
Taki: Tomori, don't get separated from me.
Tomori: Y-yeah...! I'll do my best..!
Kokoro: That's right!
Kokoro: Nice to meet you guys!
Anon: N-nice to meet you~...?
Taki: ...! I think she's Hanasakigawa's...
Anon: You know her?
Taki: From the same school... She's probably my senior.
Kokoro: I'm Kokoro Tsurumaki! I'm in a band to make the world smile... Mugugu!?
Misaki: Yes, Stoooop. Kokoro's energy is usually enough to turn off a girl she's never met before. Sorry, you must have been surprised.
Taki: No, it's okay.
Taki: (I guess this person is the student council president... She's in a band too huh.)
Kasumi: Yoo-hoo, everyone! Taki-chan, Tomori-chan, Anon-chan... Oh, just the three of you today?
Anon: I invited Soyorin, but she said she had a study group with her friends. She turned it down.
Taki: I couldn't reach Rana.
Kasumi: I see~, that's too bad. Let's take lots of pictures and send them to those two!
Ririko: Kasumi-chan, should we move onto the toast soon?
Kasumi: Yes, please! Hello, Happy World! is here, and MyGO!!!!! is here too... Yeah, perfect! Everyone, grab your drinks! If you haven't had your drink yet, please pick it up at the drink bar!
Marina: Drink bar is this way.
Kasumi: Huh, Marina-san!
Marina: Fufu, you said you were going to do something fun, so I'm here to help. Leave it to me to support Ririko-san!
Kasumi: Wow, thank you very much! Does it look like everyone's ready to go? ... ahem!
Kasumi: Hey everyone! Today is the sakura party hosted by RiNG, so let's enjoy it as much as we can! Cheers!
All: Cheers!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Saya: You can sit anywhere on the sheets! If you run out of drinks or snacks, please call out to Kasumi or me! We'll go to RiNG to get them!
Kasumi: Well then, let's get started with the sakura party!
All: Oh, yeah!
Anon: Let's see... There she is! Aya-san, is it okay if I sit here?
Aya: Go ahead! ... Oh, you know my name? It's probably our first time meeting right?
Anon: You're Aya-san from Pastel*Palettes, right? And also Chisato-san over here. I see you all on TV!
Chisato: Well, thank you.
Anon: Wow, you are totally more beautiful than you look on TV~! Both of you have tiny faces!
Aya: Eh, do you think so~?
Chisato: Aya-chan, your grin is showing through.
Kanon: Fufu. But it makes me happy to see a Pastel*Palettes fan girl too. I'm Kanon Matsubara, a drummer at Hello, Happy World!. Nice to meet you.
Aya: Kanon-chan is sharing a room with Chisato-chan!
Anon: Sharing a room with a celebrity!? Oh, could it be that Kanon-san is a celebrity too?
Kanon: Huh..! I'm just a friend of hers~.
Chisato: We were good friends at the same school, so we started sharing a room when we went to college together.
Anon: Wow~, you seem mature and cool..! Ah, yes. Since we're here, why don't we all take a picture together? With some kind of idol-like pose!
Aya: Then let's do that! "Always vibrant with shining color!"
Chisato: Aya-chan.. I've become so used to seeing that pose and I've accepted it as a matter of course, but looking at it again...
Anon: I don't know, but it's cute~. Well, let's see... Always vibrant with... like this?
Aya: Yes, yes, you're good at it! Ehehe, Chisato-chan, she said it's cute~!
Chisato: Oh, yeah... Good for you, Aya-chan.
Kanon: Fufufu! Let's do it together, Chisato-chan. Always vibrant with shining color♪.
Chisato: Even Kanon... It's just for today, okay?
(White cut)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomori: What should I do...? Ano-chan disappeared so quickly...
Taki: Tomori, there's an empty space at the end of the sheet over there, let's go!
Tomori: Yup...
Taki: I'm going to say hello to everyone I know and then go back home, but what about you, Tomori?
Tomori: I'm going home with Taki-chan too.
Taki: Okay, I'll call you when I'm done, so wait around here--.
???: Oh, they're the girls from MyGO!!!!! Come over here, you two~!
Taki: What? ......!??
