main061 Chapter 10: Club Recruitment!

Aya and the girls are overwhelmed by the recruiting clubs. What interests them?

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[Yotsuba Women's University - Front Gate]

Lisa: Whoa~, there are so many people~...!
Chisato: The tables for clubs are jam-packed from the building to the front gate...
Aya: I heard that recruiting for club members is a college tradition, but I didn't know it was such a huge deal...! It's like a festival!
Rinko: So... many people... I'm scared...
Lisa: D-don't worry, Rinko. Look, our college seniors all seem kind, right?
Chisato: That's the Performing Arts Research Club... and over there is the Tea Society... There are a lot of unique clubs that we didn't have in high school.
Aya: With this many to choose from, I'm getting excited~!
Lisa: Oh, Rinko, look! There's a Fashion Club!
Rinko: Yes... and right next to it is the Sewing Club... I'm a little interested... It might come in handy when making Roselia's costumes...
Lisa: That's great~! Then let's go take a look! How about you, Yukina? Any clubs you're interested in?
Yukina: Nothing in particular.
Lisa: What~? Since we're here, you gotta be interested in something at least~.
Yukina: In the first place, college is not a place for playing around.
Lisa: I know, I know~. But college is all about clubs!
Lisa: Besides, don't you wanna enjoy the next four years to the max?
Yukina: We are professionals and have our own activities. There is no time to be in clubs-
Lisa: Oh, look, Yukina! There's a Cat Lovers Club! There are so many pictures of cats on their table! How cute~!
Yukina: Cats...
Chisato: Oh? A message from Kanon... "I'm waiting in front of the station." ... Oh, right. Well then, I'll see you all tomorrow.
Aya: Okay, see you tomorrow!
Lisa: Hang on. By the way, where's Kaoru?
Rinko: The information session for the Theater Department... should have ended a while ago...
Aya: Hey, look at that crowd... What's happening? Some kind of popular club?
Student: U-um! Would you like to join our club?!
Student: No, join ours instead-
Kaoru: Fufu, thank you for the invitations, my little kittens. But dawdling in the midst of this path will trouble others. Would the little kittens who wish to recruit me please stand in line?
Lisa: Is that... a crowd formed to recruit Kaoru...?
Aya: So that's why she's late...
Lisa: Hey~, Kaoru~! We're over here~!
Kaoru: Ah... I apologize, my little kittens. My presence is needed elsewhere...
Kaoru: Why, there is no need to despair. We will surely meet again in this place of learning. It is... but that.
Student: S-so cool...
Lisa: Kaoru~,  everyone wanted to recruit you!
Kaoru: Ah, my little kittens called for me and we got lost in conversation.
Lisa: Ahaha... Maybe... somebody will start a Kaoru Seta Fan Club?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
