main039 Chapter 11: Being in a Band Really Is...

A chance to rest between rehearsals. Kasumi feels as strongly as ever about her band.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Intermission]

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kokoro: Ooo~!! I always have so much fun performing with all of you!
Hagumi: Same!! And I think I was able to play the parts I'm usually bad at!
Kanon: You had such a happy look on your face when you were playing, Hagumi-chan. It was contagious.
Hagumi: Huh?! I did? Ehehe, I guess I did~.
Kanon: Isn't it great when a part you can't get right finally comes together? I've come to like some phrases that I was unable to play well before.
Kokoro: That's lovely! It's always better to like more stuff! We should all try to find more things to enjoy.
Lisa: Oh, taking a break too, Hello, Happy World!? Great, I'm sure you've earned it☆
Kaoru: Greetings, my dear Lisa. I see the members of Roselia have splendidly fleeting expressions on their faces as well.
Lisa: Ahaha, fleeting faces? Hmmm, I guess you just mean we're looking good today? Thanks!
Misaki: She's way too smooth when it comes to dealing with Kaoru-san...
Ako: Rin-rin~! My drumming just now wasn't very good~!
Rinko: Don't be too hard on yourself... Remember that part... you were having a hard time with... You played that part well...
Ako: Ohhh... I gotta keep going and do everything I can to make the rest of it cool too!
Rinko: I'm... always ready... to practice with you...
Moca: Oh, Aya-san and the gang~. Nice time for a breather, huh?
Aya: Yep! Guess what? We were just playing Y.O.L.O!!!!!
Moca: Ooo, is that right~? And how did you all do? Did it sound good?
Hina: You know it! I gave it a nice "twang" with a Moca touch♪
Ran: You're not making any sense, Hina-san...
Maya: Ahaha. To answer the question, yes, I think it's coming along pretty well, if I say so myself!
Tomoe: Y'all should let us hear it sometime. I bet we could learn somethin'.
Chisato: We would love to play it for you. I'm sure it'd give both of our bands a reason to push ourselves.
Yukina: Hello, Mitake-san.
Ran: Uh, hey... What is it?
Yukina: Is it that strange for me to come talk to you?
Ran: No, I guess not. I just thought you had a reason.
Yukina: I was hoping to get your opinion on something. I have these lyrics I'm working on...
Ran: What? You want feedback? From me? I mean, I have no problem with that...
Saya: Everyone's in a good mood.
Kasumi: Hmmm...
Arisa: What's wrong?
Kasumi: I was just thinking about how bands really are fun.
Tae: Yep, they are. And we made sure of that with our rehearsal just now.
Rimi: But we still haven't figured out... what exactly we need to play if we want to give other girls a push and encourage them.
Kasumi: Yeah~...
Arisa: Oh, wow. You were actually thinking of the issue at hand.
Kasumi: Arisa~!
Maya: Toyama-san, hey there!
Kasumi: Maya-san! Hey!
Maya: Chisato-san and I were just thinking about what we need to do for the show, but we couldn't come up with anything... What about you guys?
Chisato: The mini-concert was fun, and you could see it got a lot of people excited, but in terms of our original goal, there wasn't much success.
Maya: Obviously, we should work on improving the music itself when we practice, but I get the feeling we need to do more.
Kasumi: Maya-san, Chisato-senpai... Thank you.
Chisato: It's not just the two of us. I have to imagine that everyone here is thinking the same thing: that we have to come up with something.
Kasumi: We have no idea what to do. We do know that we enjoy being in a band, so...
Chisato: You enjoy it...?
Kasumi: You don't, Chisato-senpai?
Chisato: Sure, I do now, and I hold the group dear to my heart, but when we first started? No, I didn't enjoy it.
Maya: That wasn't even a possibility in the beginning. There was pain, and there was a good amount of struggling.
Chisato: When you're in a band, sometimes you have fun, and sometimes you go through hard times. I don't think it's an issue that some girls tried starting a band and didn't find it to be enjoyable.
Kasumi: But... I wanna convince them that being in a band is fun...!
Kasumi: There just has to be a way! There has to...!
Maya: Toyama-san...
