main037 Chapter 9: I'm Fired Up!!

Kasumi is confronted with blunt, painful words. She wants to challenge them, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Oh... All of that happened, huh? Sorry I wasn't here to help...
Saya: Don't worry about it! We're sorry we showed up when you were busy.
Marina: Yeah, 'busy'... You could say things have really calmed down around here... Not that you can't tell just by looking.
Arisa: About getting more bands for the show... With the way things are going, we think it would be better to just stick with the original five...
Saya: That's the reason we came in the first place. Then that whole thing we just told you about happened.
Marina: Oh, I see. Yeah, At this rate, it'd be pretty hard to add another band to the show... I should have had a better understanding of the situation. Sorry about that.
Arisa: We should probably tell the rest of the bands about this too.
Saya: Yeah. I'll send a message in the group chat.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, O-Tae-chan, are you two okay?
Kasumi: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: ...
Rimi: ...
Arisa: So? What now?
Saya: Good question...
Arisa: You don't know?!
Kasumi: Nghhh~!! Ahhh~!! I just don't get it~!!
Arisa: Can you not just start yelling like that?!
Kasumi: That girl we talked to said being in a band isn't fun. That's why she was removing her recruitment flyer...
Kasumi: I don't understand ... why she would say... that it's not fun and that she doesn't want to do it anymore...
Arisa: I mean, there are people like that too. You know, to each their own?
Kasumi: But still~!! I have the best time being in a band...
Kasumi: Don't you enjoy yourself, Arisa?
Arisa: Huh?! I never said I didn't!
Tae: ... I feel the fire!
Arisa: Now you, O-Tae?!
Tae: I think being in a band is fun too. And I spent so much time playing the guitar on my own, so I understand that better than anyone else.
Tae: You were the ones who taught me that.
Tae: There must have been something missing from our performance! And if that's the case, we just have to do better at making everyone feel the vibe.
Rimi: Hm... Yeah, that's right, O-Tae-chan! Now I'm feeling fired up too, thanks to you!
Kasumi: What?! What about what I said, Rimi-rin?!
Rimi: Yes, that helped too, Kasumi-chan! I agree, bands are just so fun.
Rimi: A-and so, I'm going to work harder on making our songs and performing!!
Saya: Fufu, everyone's burning hot. Great, this is what Poppin'Party is about.
Kasumi: Exactly! And we've got the second Girls Band Party coming up! We can't just mope around, defeated.
Tae: Oh, I know.
Saya: Did you think of something, O-Tae?
Tae: We should re-experience it! Our love of being in a band.
Rimi: Fufu... Mhm!
Arisa: Sigh... Guessing we don't have a choice. I know exactly what you want us to do, O-Tae.
Saya: Amazing, Arisa.
Arisa: No teasing!
Kasumi: Let's all play together again!
