main062 Chapter 11: Season of Opening Buds

Lisa and the girls arrive at the front gate. Ako is there...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Yotsuba Women's University - Front Gate]

Ako: Ngh~, where are Lisa-nee and the others~? ...
Sayo: Udagawa-san? You're here early.
Ako: Ah, Sayo-san~! Jeez, you're so late! I was really nervous waiting here all on my own!
Sayo: Nervous...?
Ako: I mean~, everyone who came out looked so mature! Like they really are college students! You know~? ...
Sayo: Fufu, I didn't know you could get nervous too.
Ako: Huh~? What's that supposed to mean~?! Anyway, Sayo-san, are you done with classes for today?
Sayo: Yes. Although Hina wanted to spend time with me, and refusing her was an ordeal...
Ako: Ahaha, Hina-chin is probably super happy to be in the same college as you~.
Sayo: Anyhow, thanks to Yamato-san and Matsubara-san who were there with me, Hina gave up on it.
Ako: Oh, yeah. They're in the same college as you. Next time, I wanna visit you guys at Keiho Women's University~.
Sayo: Of course. Please visit when you have the chance... Oh. It seems like Imai-san and the others are done with their classes as well.
Ako: Oh, yeah! Hey~, Lisa-nee, Rin-rin, Yukina-san~! We're over here!
Lisa: Ako~! Sorry to keep you waiting~! Yukina got lost on campus, you see.
Yukina: Lisa, you don't have to tell her that.
Rinko: But... I didn't think you'd go in the opposite direction of the front gate...
Yukina: Even you, Rinko...?
Sayo: We aren't used to everything yet, so there is no need to rush. Besides, just the other day, I had trouble not knowing where my next classroom was.
Lisa: After all, we just started, so there's a lot we don't know, really~. Like, I still don't get the course registration, even after listening to their explanation about it.
Yukina: Yes. I wonder why Physical Education is a compulsory subject even though we are in the Faculty of Arts...
Rinko: I know how you feel... Even attendance is taken differently from high school. It's confusing...
Ako: Just listening to all of this is stressing me out~...!
Lisa: Well, it'll be alright once we get the hang of it♪ More importantly, Ako, are you being a good senior at Haneoka?
Ako: Yeah! No matter what anyone says, I'm Haneoka's resident Roselia member, after all!
Ako: And I've been helping out my underclassmen in the dance club!
Lisa: Fufu, that's good. Then there's nothing to worry about♪
Sayo: By the way, everyone... have any of you heard the details about Harumi-san's message that we received today?
Yukina: No. All I know is that there is something important she wants to tell us, so we have to go to the agency.
Rinko: Me neither... I don't know the details... I just hope it's nothing bad...
Lisa: Fufu, you guys worry too much. Our nationwide tour was a success, and our first album sold without a hitch!
Sayo: However... if we go now, we might have to wait for a while over there.
Ako: Then I wanna eat something! Classes finished in the morning, so I didn't prepare a bento...
Lisa: Fufu, in that case, there should be a restaurant nearby that has really good omelet rice, so let's go there!
Rinko: Imai-san, you're so knowledgeable... I still don't know anything about... this area...
Lisa: Someone who lives nearby told me about it~♪ I talked to her during orientation!
Rinko: You're incredible, Imai-san...
Yukina: And earlier, you were approached by someone you didn't know.
Lisa: Ahaha, we might as well enjoy our college life, right? How 'bout we go to the agency after having lunch?
Sayo: Yes, I'm fine with that.
Ako: Tell me all about college while we eat together!
Yukina: Of course. I'd also like to ask for some advice about the new song I've been thinking about.
Rinko: Oh, and the costumes, too...
Sayo: It seems like we have plenty of things to talk about.
Lisa: Yup♪ Alright, let's go~!
Ako: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
