main010 Chapter 8: You guys are out of control~!

Afterglow and Hello, Happy World! practice together. What does an impressed Afterglow do?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Himari: Hey, you know the band we're jamming with today? Hello, Happy World! Don't you think their guitarist is just amazingly cool?
Ran: I forget what she's like.
Himari: Hmph~! How could you forget? We go to the same school! She's tall, has a ponytail...
Kaoru: Greetings. You must be the members of Afterglow.
Himari: Yes! Umm... You're Kaoru Seta-san, from Hello, Happy World! aren't you?
Kaoru: That's right. It is an honor to have my name remembered by such a pretty little lady like yourself.
Kaoru: By the way, I don't suppose you could open the door that leads to the studio?
Kaoru: I pushed on it time and time again, yet it will not open. It stands between the studio and I, like the milky way...
Ran: The sign on the door says "pull."
All: ...
Tsugumi: Th-the door opened! What a relief! Okay, let's head inside, everyone!
Tomoe: ... It's times like this I'm really glad we have Tsugu.
Moca: Tell me about it~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Hagumi: Ah! It's Kaoru-kun! And the people from Afterglow!
Tomoe: Thanks for making the time for this session today, everyone.
Kanon: Th-thank you, too!
Kokoro: Kaoru! You're here!! Okay, time to play a song!
Kaoru: It is natural for the leading role to arrive late...! Now then, let us bring our song to life!
Misaki: Th-that's it?! C-come guys...!
(Black cut)
Himari: Kaoru-senpai is so amazing~!!
Tomoe: I still can't get over how free-spirited they perform... It's still a mystery how they can get through a song.
Moca: It's like there's five of me~.
Tsugumi: But... there's something really fun about it!
(Black cut)
Tomoe: Thanks for the red carpet. I thought it might be interesting to practice in pairs of the same instruments, but you don't have a keyboard player in Hello, Happy World!
Misaki: Ah, it's a long name, so just call us Hello Happy.
Kokoro: Oh. Is it really that strange that we don't have a keyboard player?
Himari: Not at all. It's probably rarer for a band to have a DJ, than not have a keyboard.
Kokoro: But there's no rules about a band line-up, right? It's just too restricting to stick inside the same mold all the time! I can't do the things I want to do like that!
Tomoe: Hmm, that's an interesting way to look at it. True enough, it wouldn't be rock if we just stuck to the mold.
Misaki: The truth is it just ended up this way after all kinds of twists and turns.
Kaoru: As the great Goethe said, one sees in the world what they carries in their heart...
Himari: Kaoru-senpai, that's so cool...
Moca: Huh...?
Misaki: Ohh, don't pay attention to Kaoru-san. She doesn't actually understand half the things she quotes.
Kokoro: We aren't trying to be a rock band. We just want to make the whole world smile! That's it!
Himari: Ahaha. If you're gonna dream, then dream big, right?
Hagumi: Yeah! I don't really understand the difficult stuff, but... I think if everyone's smiling, then that's good enough! That's the number one thing for us!
Ran: Nice. I kind of like that way of thinking.
Moca: Me too~. Nothing beats being free~. It's kind of like being a pirate~. Ahoy there~!
Tomoe: We've been doing our own thing since we started, but it's always been within the rock mold. I've gotta admit, it feels good to see style that isn't bound by anything!
Hagumi: I don't really get it, but I think we're being praised. Thanks!
Misaki: Honestly, it's one troublesome thing after another with these guys, but I can't deny it feels pretty good to be praised by another band.
Himari: Everyone is so free-spirited, but you all share the same goal of making people smile. That's probably how your music comes together.
Kanon: Yeah! I think so too! Wanting to make the whole world smile is the reason we are all in the band...
Misaki: Who would've thought the day would come when our band gets praised in such a proper way...
Tsugumi: Umm! I've got an idea I want to talk about...
Moca: Ooh~. Tsugu's had a moment of enlightenment~.
Tsugumi: Breaking away from the mold is important, so... I think I'm going to quit the keyboard!
Himari: Whaaat?!
Kokoro: Oh, that's a good mindset! I don't think any of us should stick to playing the one instrument and nothing else!
Moca: In that case, maybe I'll take this occasion to change instruments too~.
Hagumi: I'll lend you my bass if you like!
Kaoru: Allow me to share the words of the great Goethe once more. Man always wavers. While he wavers, he is always looking for something.
Misaki: Argh, gimme a break! I knew this was going to happen! Are you sure we don't need a little bit of a mold to work from~?!
Himari: I-I'm thinking the same thing~! Everyone, stop being so free-spirited~!!
