main002-2 Opening 3: The Perfect High School Band

Kasumi and the girls finally find Roselia. What happens when they invite them to perform?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Kasumi: Roselia, Roselia~♪ Mmm~... I feel like I've heard the name before...
Kasumi: ... Ah! I remember!! They did a joint performance with Glitter*Green, didn't they?!
Tae: Did you really only just realize?
Kasumi: Hehehe... Yeah...
Kasumi: Oh, are you coming to help us, too? Thank you so much!
Tae: Kasumi, look! It's the Roselia girls, over there.
Kasumi: Oh yeah! Let's go and say hello.
Sayo: Toyama-san, Hanazono-san. What are you doing here?
Kasumi: H-Hikawa-senpai! G-g-great to see you again! We actually wanted to speak with you all today~...
Lisa: Really? You girls are from Hanasakigawa, right? You must be Sayo's kouhai, then. Introduce us!
Sayo: Kasumi Toyama-san and Tae Hanazono-san, both one year below me.
Tae: Hey.
Lisa: I'm Lisa, the bassist. This is our singer, Yukina, and that's our drummer, Ako. Rinko here's on keyboards. Nice to meet you all☆
Kasumi: Nice to meet you, too~!
Yukina: So, what did you want to talk to us about? We do have to start rehearsals soon.
Kasumi: R-right! I-I'll try to make it quick!
Tae: I'm sure this person can explain it all...
(Black cut)
Ako: A live event? Sounds like fun! I like it, I like it~!
Rinko: There'll be... lots of people there... I... I don't like... crowds...
Ako: Ahh, Rin-rin, calm down~!
Sayo: ... We haven't agreed to anything, yet.
Yukina: I'm not against the idea of taking part in events, but it doesn't sound to me like this one is quite at our level, nor the kind of place we should be aiming to be.
Sayo: Udagawa-san. I believe we explained this all before. We do not perform on any stage that is beneath us.
Ako: B-but that's...
Tae: Please, come and listen to us perform.
Yukina: What...?
Tae: Playing guitar, performing music, it isn't all just about skill. I think anyone who wants to play, should play.
Yukina: And I'm not saying that there's anything wrong with that. It's just not the direction that our band is going in.
Lisa: Y-Yukina! Let's all just take a deep breath, shall we? They did come out here looking specifically for us. I think the least we can do is hear them perform, right?
Yukina: ... Fine. But if we don't approve, we won't be taking part in this event. I just want you to understand that.
Kasumi: O-okay! Thank you!
Ako: I can't wait to hear them play~! ... I-I mean... We shall gladly hear you... play, umm...
Rinko: We shall gladly pass judgment on the music in your souls.
Ako: Yes, judge the music in your souls!
Tae: I look forward to it.
