main068 Chapter 17: Butterfly Effect

Tsukinomori's classroom assignments are announced...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: Breathe in~. And out~... Ohh, I'm still scared.
Nanami: Ahh~, it's Shiro-chan. Good day~.
Mashiro: Nanami-chan. Ah, Tsukushi-chan's here too...
Tsukushi: What are you doing here? You've been pacing back and forth in front of the school gate...
Mashiro: Uh, I was feeling nervous... Because now that I'm a second-year student, I'll be in a new class...
Nanami: Ah~, I see~. Getting assigned to new classes certainly does make you feel nervous.
Nanami: "Will I fit in with my new class?" "Will I make new friends?" Those kinds of thoughts crossed my mind, too.
Mashiro: Yeah... If I don't know anyone in my class... I-I don't know what I'll do...
Tsukushi: I know how you feel, but... you're way too nervous. Don't worry! You'll make lots of friends.
Tsukushi: During first year, you got along with everyone in our class!
Mashiro: That was because you were there... If I had been alone, I wouldn't have been able to talk to anyone...
Tsukushi: Don't be so timid! C'mon. Let's go check the class placement list.
Mashiro: Whoa. Don't push me~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Nanami: Oh~, look at this crowd. We won't be able to see the class list at all like this.
Tsukushi: Would we be able to see it if we stood on our tiptoes? Hrm~...
Toko: Shiro~! Fusuke~! Nanami~!
Mashiro: Ah... Toko-chan and Rui-san. Good day. So you were already here...
Rui: Kurata-san? You are looking unwell. Is something the matter?
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan said she's afraid of being assigned to a new class now that she's a second-year student.
Toko: Why? You get to make new friends. That's totally exciting!
Mashiro: But I might not be able to...
Toko: Don't worry! I'll be right there with ya! So consider yourself in the hands of an expert!
Mashiro: Huh...? You will? Am I in the same class as you?
Rui: We checked the class placement list a minute ago. You, Kirigaya-san, and I are in Class 2A.
Rui: Futaba-san and Hiromachi-san, you are both in Class 2B.
Nanami: Really?! Yay~! Tsu-chan, we're in the same class!
Tsukushi: I'm looking forward to it, Nanami-chan! It'll be really assuring to be with you~!
Mashiro: Th-thank goodness... Two people I know are with me... Sigh~.
Toko: Hey, Shiro~? Now that you're in the same class as me, you'd better be ready for it, okay~?
Toko: As class president, I'm gonna make the next year crazy awesome!
Mashiro: Class president...? Toko-chan, are you running for that?
Toko: I decided to a minute ago! I'm gonna make Class 2A the coolest class in the world~!
Rui: ... So long as it is not boisterous.
Tsukushi: But what brings this on so suddenly...? Toko-chan, were you interested in stuff like that?
Toko: Nah, not really. But I realized something~. The class president is the most important person in the class, right?
Toko: In that case, I can boss Rui around as much as I want!
Nanami: Ahh, that's a misuse of authority~!
Tsukushi: Ugh~! The class president has the role of unifying the class, but that doesn't mean they can do what they want!
Toko: Sigh, I can't wait. Rui, if you disobey me, you'll face a punishment~.
Mashiro: She's not listening at all...
Rui: More importantly, we should move to the auditorium quickly. It is nearly time for the opening ceremony.
Tsukushi: Good point. Let's go.
Mashiro: ... Huh?
Nanami: Shiro-chan? Why are you looking around?
Mashiro: Uh, I was thinking that an awful lot of people are toting around a guitar or bass...
Tsukushi: Now that you mention it... You're right. It's only ever been us until now.
Nanami: That's our Shiro-chan. I'm impressed you noticed~.
Nanami: According to my research, it would seem that there's been a recent rise in students who started bands after seeing our concerts.
Rui: There has been an increase in people bringing instruments to school since the end of the previous year.
Toko: Seriously?! Whoa~! That means they're Morfonikids!
Tsukushi: Ohh~, I can't believe you'd say something like that. You're getting too carried away.
Toko: You say that, but you're stoked too~.
Mashiro: (They started bands because of our influence...)
Mashiro: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
