main063 Chapter 12: To Greater Heights

How does Roselia react to Harumi's important news?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency]

Lisa: The food at the restaurant earlier was so good~♪ Let's go again next time!
Yukina: I agree. The ambiance was calming. It was nice.
Rinko: Fufu... There was a variety of items on the menu. It might be the perfect place for our post-show meetings...
Ako: They even had french fries, Sayo-san's favorite!
Sayo: That has nothing to do with our meetings...
Lisa: Oh, is that Harumi-san? Come in~!
Harumi: Good morning, everyone. I'm sorry for making you wait...
Yukina: Rest assured. We arrived early, after all.
Sayo: I heard you had something important to share...
Harumi: Yes, but before that...
Harumi: Once again, well done on the nationwide tour.
Ako: Thank you! It was so much fun! Right, Rin-rin?
Rinko: Yes... It was such a valuable experience...
Yukina: The tour made us realize our music has once again evolved even more than before.
Lisa: And our first album finally got released after the tour!
Harumi: Yes. The sales for the album have been great. The president and the label representative were pleased.
Sayo: Even as professionals, people think highly of our music. That makes me happy and grateful, more than anything.
Ako: We worked super hard during the recording session!
Lisa: There are some people in college that know about Roselia. I was surprised when they suddenly talked to me.
Rinko: I-is that so...?
Sayo: We have to be aware of our professionalism more than ever. Even outside of work.
Harumi: The president told me to tell you those things, but it looks like I don't need to.
Lisa: Oh, could that be the important thing you wanted to share?
Harumi: No, not at all! That was just a side note... The truth is...
Yukina: ...
Harumi: We received an offer for a collab!
Lisa: What~?!
Ako: A collab- What's that, Rin-rin?
Rinko: Umm... To put it simply, there is a company... that likes our music...
Sayo: And they want to use it for something like a commercial for a product, or a theme song for a show, for example.
Ako: Oh~... Wait, that's a super big deal!
Lisa: I know, right~?! But how can Yukina and Sayo be so calm?!
Sayo: Just hearing "collab" doesn't give us much information. We don't know how large the scale is or what the other party wants.
Yukina: ... What do you know regarding that?
Harumi: We're still fine-tuning the conditions and such, and a lot hasn't been decided yet, so I can't share everything. I just wanted you to know we received this kind of offer.
Yukina: I see...
Harumi: For now, I wanted to know if you'd be open to these kinds of offers regarding your activities as professionals from now on.
Lisa: I'm totally down for it, but... what about you guys?
Ako: I am too~! I'm super excited!
Rinko: I have... no problem with it either...
Sayo: Me, too. But in the end, I think it should depend on Minato-san's decision. She is the one who writes Roselia's songs, after all.
Yukina: ... It seems like everyone feels the same way.
Harumi: That means-
Yukina: Yes. We accept the offer.
Yukina: A collab... To be honest, there are many things I cannot even imagine. But to Roselia, a new challenge to take on means another source of motivation.
Lisa: Yeah! Same thing with our debut concert, nationwide tour, and working on our album!
Ako: Mhm! It's another chance for Roselia to get even cooler!
Rinko: From now on, too... we'll keep taking new steps forward... That's what Roselia's about...
Sayo: Indeed. And as we move forward, one step at a time, there lies-
Yukina: The top that we've been aiming for.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
