main042 Chapter 14: Poppin'Party's Plan

All of the bands come to CiRCLE at Kasumi's request. She takes on the job of letting the others know her band's idea.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Rimi: Kasumi-chan! Looks like everyone is here!
Kasumi: Thanks, Rimi-rin! Here we go~!
Marina: So, Kasumi-chan, you have something to talk to us about regarding the second Girls Band Party, right? Let's get right to it.
Kasumi: O-okay! Well...
Kasumi: First, I wanna say great job with the mini-concert!
Kasumi: It was so much fun! The crowd raised the roof! It had been so long since we all played on the same stage together...
Kasumi: What did you all think? Did you have a good time?
Aya: Yep! I had a wonderful time performing! Even if there are a few parts that needed fixing...
Kokoro: Yeah! I had the best time! All of the smiles were so bright, I could barely see.
Kasumi: Right? Yeah, that's what I thought!
Ran: Kasumi?
Kasumi: I did a lot of thinking after the mini-concert. Like about these kids who quit their band and why they didn't want to play anymore.
Kasumi: The girl I talked to told me that being in a band wasn't fun. I'm sure there are many other reasons why some of them quit, but...
Kasumi: That doesn't change the message I can send to people. All I can show them is that being in a band is fun...
Kasumi: So I thought I could use that feeling to give kids who are thinking about joining a band a pull! A pull that will bring them to the stage!!
Arisa: ...
Hagumi: So... what does that mean?
Kasumi: Uhm...
Yukina: In other words, you don't want to perform in a way that pushes people forward. You would rather perform in a way that pulls them along... Is that the idea?
Kasumi: Yes! Exactly! I know that the number-one thing my band can show people is how much fun they can have... So I was thinking about what would happen if we used that to pull others along!!
Sayo: It is rather difficult to give a great and unspecific number of people a push to encourage them... I spent time thinking about it, but...
Sayo: Choosing not to push them wasn't a choice that occurred to me.
Chisato: Still... What about concrete ideas? I can't help but wonder what a performance that pulls people along would look like.
Kasumi: About that...
Kasumi: It's... all about having the right attitude, I guess... Ahaha...
Misaki: Attitude, huh? I see.
Arisa: Sorry, Okusawa-san... We haven't thought much further than that yet.
Misaki: That's fine. No biggie. I'm on board with the whole pulling idea.
Lisa: Yeah, it sounds good to me. "Don't push! Pull!" I feel like that's more fitting for us.
Lisa: And we'll just... come up with the more concrete ideas as we go!
Ran: Are you being serious right now, Lisa-san?
Lisa: Maybe like eighty percent?
Moca: That's seriously serious~.
Lisa: I just think that things usually go well when we're riding a wave of enthusiasm. I guess that's why I'm not too worried.
Maya: Ahaha. That's right. Last time was like this too.
Lisa: That's what I mean. It'll be fine! As long as we do things our way, everything will be okay. Probably.
Yukina: It's very much like you to get like this on occasion.
Lisa: Hey~, you don't mean that in a good way, do you~?!
Chisato: If that's our plan, then we have no choice but to run with it. I would like to start by assigning roles like last time. Would that be okay?
Saya: Yeah, let's do that! Okay, so last time, the roles assigned were...
