main014 Chapter 12: Girls Band Party!

The girls all go to a restaurant to talk. What happens when their opinions don't match up?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Restaurant]

Kasumi: Thanks for coming today, everyone! It's a beautiful day today, and...
Arisa: No one cares about that. We're here to discuss the details of the event, aren't we?
Kasumi: Ehehe... First up is the event name. What does everyone think of "Girls Band Party"?
Tomoe: Party, huh... Sounds good to me!
Sayo: Besides the common meaning of a social gathering, a party can also refer to a group of people with a shared purpose. Considering both of these meanings, it may be the most appropriate name to use.
Misaki: I see. The ol' double meaning.
Kasumi: That's right! It has a double meaning!
Arisa: I bet my keyboard this is just a coincidence.
Saya: A-anyway! If no one has any objections, then I think we should go with this name. Agreed?
All: Agreed!
Kasumi: Yay! It's decided then!
Ran: Okay, so what about the actual event itself? We have to think about what we're going to do.
Kokoro: A party that makes the whole world smile! I can't see any other options!
Eve: How about a bushido party? We could cut straw dummies in half on stage, or...
Ran: ... Hey. It's supposed to be a music party, isn't it? I want to try a session with other bands.
Yukina: I like that idea. But if we are going to play sessions together, everyone will need to raise their skills to our standard.
Ran: I don't think skill should matter...!
Hina: I want to perform with you, sis♪
Sayo: ... I'd rather not. You need to focus more  on your affinity with the rest of Pastel＊Palettes.
Kaoru: Why don't we set it up like a musical, and have various performances one after another?
Chisato: ... I think you're the only person who would enjoy that.
Himari: Oh boy... I kind of expected it, but this is getting messy...
Misaki: It was definitely to be expected...
Ran: I think it would be a good idea for two bands to have a session between performances, and have each one link into the next.
Maya: What does everyone think about the idea of each band doing a cover of another band's song?
Aya: That could be good too, but I think we should have some talking time as well, so the audience can get to know us and the live house better.
Yukina: Nothing speaks louder than music. We don't need to spend time talking. I for one won't do it.
Chisato: As an idol band, we believe talking time with the audience is indispensable. Being able to liven the audience up like that is an important skill for a band, you know?
Ran: ... We're not trying to be idols.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan! Try to calm down...
Kasumi: Urgh, we had so much fun during the last party. Why is this happening~?
Saya: I guess it just goes to show how strongly everyone feels about their music.
Hagumi: Don't fight, guys~! Ka-kun, what should we do?!
Kasumi: C-calm down, everyone! For now, let's decide on whether we should talk between performances...
Ran & Yukina: No. We don't need to.
Aya & Chisato: Yes! Of course, we should.
Kokoro: A talk? As in have a chat to the audience? If people will smile, then count me in!
Kasumi: ... A-ahaha~... Um, how about the idea of doing covers of each other's songs...?
All: Yes! No!
Arisa: Hey... this is just getting worse! What are we gonna do...?
Ran: There's no point talking about this anymore... Let's get out of here.
Yukina: Agreed.
Himari: Huh? H-hey, wait a minute, Ran!
Lisa: Yukina!
Chisato: ... We have work after this, so we should be probably be going as well.
Kokoro: Oh? That's it for today? Then let's head off!
Rimi: Huh? W-wait...!
Tae: ... They're gone.
Kasumi: Oh no... what are we gonna do about this...?
