main069 Chapter 18: Flutter toward the New Light

Morfonica gathers after homeroom. Mashiro senses a certain change at school.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Tsukushi: What~?! Toko-chan, you actually became the class president?!
Toko: Well, it was a cinch for me! 'Cause you see, I've always been well-liked~.
Rui: You were the only candidate, so it stands to reason that you would be chosen.
Mashiro: As soon as the topic of class president came up in homeroom, Toko-chan shouted and raised her hand. It gave me such a fright.
Nanami: Ahaha. I can picture that~.
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan, are you Class B's president?
Tsukushi: Yeah! The role is really rewarding, so I wanted to do it again.
Toko: Fusuke, being a class president is super hard~. Are you sure you can do it~?
Tsukushi: Obviously, I can! I've done it before. What about you? Can you actually handle it?
Toko: Of course! I'm a genius, after all.
Tsukushi: That's not very encouraging~. I've got experience as a class president, so you can turn to me for anything if you ever have any problems!
Nanami: Ooh~, listen to the pride in her voice. Sounds like Tsu-chan's kicking things up a notch or two for her second year~.
Mashiro: ... Ah.
Toko: What's up, Shiro? Didja see something interesting out the window?
Toko: Hmm~... Aw, all you can see is the courtyard.
Rui: ... Were you looking at that?
Nanami: Are you talking about... those students leaving the school? ... Ah. They're all carrying instruments.
Mashiro: Uh... Nanami-chan, you said earlier that some people started bands after seeing our concerts, right?
Mashiro: When I thought about how that might also be the case for those people, it made me happy...
Toko: I know, right~? It's like Morfonica has taken Tsukinomori by storm~.
Mashiro: I don't know if I would say that, but... maybe we were able to help them take their first step.
Mashiro: Just like how seeing Poppin'Party's concert that one day helped me take a step towards forming a band...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan... Fufu. As their band seniors, we have to keep putting on admirable shows!
Mashiro: Yeah.
Toko: Then how 'bout we do one right away? Let's put on a concert that shows everyone who we are and recruit even more Morfonikids!
Toko: Then Tsukinomori will turn into Morfonica Kingdom, so it'll be killing two birds with one stone!
Mashiro: What's a Morfonica Kingdom...?
Nanami: She probably means that after seeing our concert, the school will be filled with people starting their own bands~.
Rui: I must protest. We are presently in the middle of participating in the Girls Band Battle Tournament... or GBT. We should not be performing any new concerts.
Toko: What~? Even as a second-year student, you're still such a killjoy...
Rui: Everyone, what is our goal for the GBT?
Tsukushi: To win it, of course!
Rui: In that case, all the more reason we should not hold any other concerts. The bands participating in GBT are of a high level.
Rui: We should take the time to practice thoroughly in preparation for our next matchup.
Nanami: Good point. We can't afford to focus on just the GBT if we have several concerts planned.
Nanami: And thinking about it like that, it might be a little hard for my schedule. My part-time job at the restaurant has been a little busy lately.
Tsukushi: Ah, right. You said you're in charge of the part-timers now, so you have more shifts.
Nanami: Yeah. I've memorized the work itself, but I'd like to focus on my work until I'm used to it a little bit more~.
Toko: Seriously~...? We'd be crazy not to ride this big wave~.
Mashiro: U-um! In that case... what do you think about taking part in the Tsukinomori Music Festival again...?
Mashiro: The festival will be after GBT's over, and we'd get plenty of people at Tsukinomori to see us...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan... That's it~! I think that's a great idea!
Toko: Shiro~! Nice thinking! There's a good girl~!
Mashiro: Agh. Toko-chan, don't pet me so much~.
???: So there were still students remaining. It is nearly time for all students to leave the school premises.
Tsukushi: Ah, she's right! No one else is here... We didn't even realize we were the last ones left.
Rui: ... Our apologies. We will leave immediately.
???: Very well. Please take care on your way home.
Mashiro: ... That was the new chairwoman just now, right?
Tsukushi: Yeah... I thought this during her opening ceremony address, but she's kind of an intense person.
Nanami: If I recall, she said, "I would like all of you to uphold Tsukinomori's traditions and formalities while striving for conduct becoming of Tsukinomori students." Right?
Toko: She came because the previous chairman's term ended, right? Something tells me I won't get along with her~.
Nanami: She does seem stricter compared to the previous chairman. I heard that the student council election was delayed because of a few words from her.
Toko: Wait, really?! Isn't that pretty tyrannical?!
Tsukushi: It was in the end-of-year announcements, remember? It said, "The student council election will be held next year to form a student council based on our founding ideals."
Toko: What? This is the first time I've heard about that!
Tsukushi: You need to read the announcements properly!
Rui: About that...
Rui: ... I will be running for student council president.
All: ...
All: Whaaat?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
