main054 Chapter 3: Undiscovered Sparkles

After eating lunch at RiNG's café, Poppin'Party heads to...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[RiNG Café]

Kasumi: Phew~, that was delicious~.
Rimi: The pancakes were really soft, and the strawberry sauce was both sweet and sour... I'm in heaven~♪
Tae: The café itself feels so different from CiRCLE's too... It's, like, kinda classy.
Saya: I know what you mean. It's like it's trying a bit to cater to an older crowd.
Arisa: Alright, now that we've had some food, how about we head out...? Hm? Okusawa-san just texted me...
Arisa: "Please let me do a postmortem meeting about yesterday's student council president speech..." Okusawa-san sure is taking it hard~...
Kasumi: Huh? You mean over yesterday's entrance ceremony speech? I thought it was great.
Tae: Yeah. It was really clear what Misaki was trying to say, and it felt like fun times are coming to Hanasakigawa.
Arisa: That's how I feel, too, but she doesn't feel that way.
Arisa: Well, now that the entrance ceremony's out of the way, things should settle down for the student council. I suppose we should squeeze in a quick meeting.
Kasumi, Tae, Rimi & Saya: Ohh~...
Arisa: Wh-what...?
Rimi: Arisa-chan... you felt so grown-up just now.
Saya: Yeah. It's hard to believe this is the same you that skipped out on the New-Student Representative's Speech...
Arisa: Th-that was ages ago, alright?! Anyway, where are we going?
Kasumi: Oh, right! Where to, people?
Saya: How about karaoke? I found a new karaoke place nearby.
Tae: Nice! Let's do that!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Kasumi: Mmm~! That was fun~!
Saya: It's been a while since I sang that much.
Arisa: You know, O-Tae, you sure banged away on that tambourine... The only time you weren't was when you were drinking juice.
Tae: Their tambourine echoed really well, and they had a great selection of all-you-can-drink drinks! We should go there together again!
Rimi: I agree~. With Kasumi-chan and Saya-chan having work, we'll probably be coming to this area a lot more.
Kasumi: Walking down this street... makes me really excited.
Kasumi: It shows me that there are still so many sparkling, heart-pounding things out there~!
Saya: Didn't you say something similar at the school festival?
Rimi: Sigh~, after hearing what you just said, Kasumi-chan, I feel like going overseas again~...
Arisa: This again~? Ever since you went to see Yuri-senpai during your spring break, it's all you've been talking about.
Rimi: But going on a trip overseas was that fun!
Rimi: The buildings were nothing like the ones here, and there were no utility poles around town. Even the color of the sky was this pretty blue color, like when making paint...
Rimi: I also went to my sister's university, and the atmosphere there was a bit different from a Japanese college...
Rimi: I really loved it there~.
Saya: Rimi-rin... You've got the same face you do when you talk about Kaoru-san...
Kasumi: What about you, O-Tae? Is there anything new that gives you sparkling, heart-pounding feelings?
Tae: Me? Oh, I'd say~...
Tae: It's the new baby rabbits that were born yesterday.
Kasumi: What?! New rabbits?!
Tae: Huh? I haven't shown you pictures yet? This one's Udon, this one's Kakato, and this one's-
Arisa: You've got even more now?!
Tae: Oh, I guess there's one more thing~. I'm now in charge of managing the part-timers at the music store where I work part-time.
Kasumi: Wow, O-Tae, you got promoted!
Tae: Everyone else quit because they graduated from school and stuff, so it's just me for a bit.
Arisa: Oh... So, basically, you got promoted to part-time manager because you're the only part-timer around...
Rimi: If it's just you, though... isn't it kind of busy?
Tae: Don't worry, we're getting new hires next week!
Kasumi: I see~...! I guess we're all starting to head towards new sparkling, heart-pounding things!
Kasumi: Hey, hey, doesn't it feel like... we're totally high school third-years now?!
Arisa: You think~?
Kasumi: Doesn't it feel that way for you? Like, everything we've experienced has brought us to where we are now... and it's made us really grown-up and stuff!
Saya: Kasumi, I'd say it's all those coincidences you found that were then grown and raised into miracles.
Rimi: Mm-hmm, all of us raised them together.
Tae: We're here now because of all of us.
Kasumi: Yeah! Let's always keep finding fun things that make us feel sparkling and heart-pounding!
Kasumi: I want this year to be our most sparkling, heart-pounding year yet, especially since this is our last year as high schoolers!
Arisa: Well, that's all fine and good... but be sure to study too. If you're considering general selection admission, you're seriously gonna have to work hard on entrance exams.
Kasumi: I know~! Alright, how about we kick things off with some band practice in Arisa's basement?
Tae: Yeah! Let's do that!
Arisa: Were you even listening to a word I said...? Sheesh, fine.
Saya: Oh, before we do, do you mind if we swing by that bookstore over there? I want to grab some reference books.
Kasumi: Nice! Let's go then~!
Rimi: Oh, wait for me~... Hm?
Rimi: (This flyer... "High School Study Abroad...")
Rimi: (... Maybe I'll take a copy...)
Kasumi: Rimi-rin~! What're you doing? Come on~!
Rimi: O-okay! Coming~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
