main065 Chapter 14: Hello, Neｗ World!

Hello, Happy World! celebrate Kaoru and Kanon's enrollment.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Okay~, get ready!
Kokoro: The seventh party to celebrate Kaoru and Kanon for getting into college will begin~!
Hagumi: Wow~! Kano-chan-senpai and Kaoru-kun, congrats!
Kaoru: Thank you... I am blessed with wonderfully fleeting companions to be celebrated like this.
Misaki: The seventh? How many times are we doing this...? We're happy, of course, but high school and college are starting already...
Kanon: Fufu. I'm happy no matter how many times we celebrate it. Oh, congratulations on moving up a year, you guys.
Kokoro: Thanks, Kanon! You know, being a third-year student is sooo much fun!
Hagumi: It's fun for me too! Besides, I got in the same class as Kokoron and Mii-kun, so I gotta enjoy myself to the max!
Kaoru: Fufu. To enjoy being in your third year as much as possible... That is very like you, Hagumi. What a lovely goal.
Kokoro: That's it! Today, I want to hear everyone's goals!
Misaki: Huh? Goals?
Kokoro: Yeah! Hello, Happy World!'s goal is to make the world smile, right?
Kokoro: But it's not just that. I think everyone has their own new goals! So let's share them!
Hagumi: I agree~! Like what Kaoru-kun said earlier, enjoying being a third-year to the fullest is my goal!
Hagumi: Ah! And I wanna study even harder, too!
Hagumi: I learned a lot from Hina-chan-sensei, and it made me realize that studying could be fun. That's why the more I know about stuff, the more fun it'll be!
Hagumi: Oh, and I'll do my best at sports just as much! It'll be my last sports day, so I'll give it my all!
Kaoru: Hagumi, that's the spirit. I am sure those feelings will aid you in achieving those goals.
Kaoru: As for myself, well... I have taken to a new stage called college.
Kaoru: I shall utilize my experience studying abroad on Broadway to grow even more as a thespian.
Misaki: By "study abroad", do you mean that one-week trip?
Kaoru: Kaoru Seta shall be ever more fleeting... and I vow to forge ahead toward an even more exquisite stage.
Kanon: Fufu, I can't wait to see your acting skills as a college student~. Oh, um, I guess... it's my turn...?
Kanon: I don't have anything specific I want to work hard for like Kaoru-san or Hagumi-chan do...
Kanon: ... But I want to try to make friends from my end. Instead of waiting for someone to approach me, I'll approach them instead.
Kanon: And, just like how everyone in Hello, Happy World! made me smile, I want to make everyone smile, too.
Kanon: ... A-are these goals good enough...?
Misaki: Of course they are. I think they're great. They're very you, Kanon-san.
Kanon: ... Mhm, thank you. Then, what are your goals, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Huh, me? Hmm... I hadn't really thought about it...
Misaki: ... Well, I somehow ended up becoming the student council president. I think I should just do what I can.
Misaki: I want to make this year a memorable one in our high school lives. Not just for me, but for everyone else, too. I want us to look back and say it was fun...
Kokoro: Yes, I'm sure you can do it, Misaki! I'm excited to spend this year with you as the student council president!
Kanon: It's really amazing that you're the student council president! Why did you decide to do it?
Misaki: (I can't tell them... it was because of rock-paper-scissors...)
Misaki: Like I said... some stuff happened...
Kokoro: Well, I guess I'm last. My goal is to make the whole world smile even more!
Kokoro: I'm sure there are a lot of people that aren't smiling yet. I want to make them have fun, so they'll smile!
Kokoro: But to do that, we have to be smiling first!
Kokoro: We'll achieve our goals so that we'll all be smiling. And then, together, we'll make the whole world smile!
Misaki: ... Haha, that's so like you.
Kokoro: Okay, everyone, let's enjoy the party! Cheers!
Hagumi, Kaoru, Kanon & Misaki: Cheers!
Kokoro: Kaoru, you're going to a theater college, right? That sounds like so much fun!
Kaoru: Indeed, it is. Theater lovers gather there, so our minds think alike.
Kaoru: After the entrance ceremony, I was able to converse about Shakespeare with the person sitting beside me.
Misaki: Whoa~, you made a friend already.
Kaoru: Indeed, she said not a single word from beginning to end, but I could feel her passion for Shakespeare from the shy smile she gave me.
Misaki: (That sounds pretty awkward... Was she okay...?)
Kokoro: How wonderful, Kaoru! Invite us when you perform on stage!
Kaoru: Of course, I shall.
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, you started sharing a place with Chisato-senpai, right? Living together with a friend sounds fun!
Kanon: Mhm, it feels like a sleepover every day. Once we settle down, we'll invite you over.
Hagumi: Yeah, we'll all go!
Misaki: All of us...? Barging in with this many people will be a bother...
Kanon: No, not at all. I'm sure Chisato-chan would be happy too.
Misaki: R-really...?
Kokoro: Mmm~! With all this thinking about the future, I just can't sit still!
Kokoro: Hey, everyone, let's go!
Misaki: Go where...? Hey, Kokoro, wait!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
