main009 Chapter 7: You know each other?

Pastel＊Palettes and Hello, Happy World! practice together. What is revealed?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Aya: Oh no! I can't be late, not for our joint practice... I have to hurry...!
Aya: Hya~?! Was that noise... from the studio...?! What is going on in there?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Aya: I heard a noise, what's going-
Maya: A-Aya-san~! It's not going great...
Aya: Wh-what happened?!
Kanon: I... I-I'm sorry~~!!
Kanon: I thought... maybe the Pastel＊Palette  girls could teach us about... performing professionally, but...
Kokoro: Look, look! I can move a lot better than that~!
Kaoru: Fufu... Kokoro, your movements are as fluid and beautiful as ever. Just like the butterfly... how fleeting.
Hina: Ahaha! You're amazing, Kokoro-chan! I wonder if I can do cartwheels, too.
Eve: Ooh! Those moves... Kokoro-san, are you... a ninja?!
Kanon: I'm sorry, I know I should stop them, but... I-I just can't get back control~...
Chisato: You don't need to apologize, Kanon. Fufu, you Hello, Happy World! girls are very energetic.
Kaoru: Oh...? Is this Chisato I see before me? You are looking as radiant as ever, my dear princess. Have you been well?
Misaki: Huh? Do you two know each other?
Chisato: ... I suppose we do, yes.
Kaoru: Our parents are great friends, you see. But dear Chisato has always been so cold... The two of us are performers, we should be seeking to better one another!
Chisato: I've been on TV and in movies. You're a stage actor. I'm not quite sure we exactly the same, are we?
Misaki: Kaoru-san just got very politely served, and I'll bet anything she didn't even notice.
Hagumi: So when are we gonna start rehearsing? I just can't wait to get started!
Misaki: Grr... I guess there's only one thing for it...
(Black cut)
Michelle (Misaki): Okay everyone, gather up~!
Kokoro: Ah! Michelle! You finally came!
Michelle (Misaki): We're here to learn all about professionalism from Pastel＊Palettes today, so let's all be on our best behavior~.
Kokoro: She's right! We should hear what these Palette People or whatever have to say.
Maya: Wait... What exactly is going on right now?
Aya: I have no idea...
Chisato: Leaving aside this incredibly bizarre situation for a moment...
Chisato: Could you tell us first what specifically about professional performances you want us to teach you?
Kokoro: You're all idols, right? I want to know what it's like to perform as professionals like that! Big, booming performances!
Aya: B-booming...? I get the feeling you're a lot like our Hina-chan, Kokoro-chan.
Michelle (Misaki): I'm sorry, I don't think we're explaining it well. Watching you play at the meeting the other day, I think it hit us how well put-together your performance is.
Kanon: So, umh... We'd like to know what we can do to reach that level...
Maya: I remember our instructor always used to tell us to "have an image in mind" in classes.
Hagumi: An image?
Maya: Picture yourself, or the whole band, up on stage. What are you doing? How are you performing? What is everyone around you thinking?
Maya: You always keep an image of the best possible you. If you hold on to that ideal, you'll find yourself getting closer and closer to it as you practice.
Hagumi: My softball coach told me the same kinda thing once! He called it visualization, I think?
Aya: That's it! They use the same techniques in sports. Picture the main event as you go through practice, and you'll naturally start to close in on it.
Chisato: The most important thing is to always keep the stage somewhere in your mind.
Michelle (Misaki): I see... We never know exactly how or when our blonde bomb here's gonna go off on stage, so I guess it would be good to get an image of it ahead of time...
Kokoro: A bomb...?! Someone call the authorities! We have to get rid of it!
Michelle (Misaki): Trust me, I know.
Hagumi: So music and sports do have something in common after all! I've always been pretty good at this visualization stuff, y'know!
Chisato: But when I watch you all play, that element of not knowing what'll happen next feels like part of the appeal, to be honest. Our way isn't necessarily the right one.
Eve: Your show was like one big jack-in-the-box! Full of surprises and so much fun!
Hina: Yeah, I really, really loved it too!
Kanon: B-but hearing about this visualization has really helped, I think...! It's definitely a very professional piece of advice...
Kaoru: How very like dear Chisato.
Chisato: Thanks. I'm sure as a "fellow performer" you're always visualizing the stage too, right?
Kaoru: Y-yes, I mean... Of course...
Michelle (Misaki): I don't think I've ever seen Kaoru-san flustered before...
Aya: I know! I could help you all think of your own special poses, if you'd like! Something to use when you introduce yourselves on stage!
Kokoro: A special pose? Like what? I want to know!
Aya: We are... Hello, Happy World! Nice to see you all♪
All: ......
Chisato: ... Like I say, every band has its own personality. Not everything we do is necessarily correct.
Aya: Aww~, Chisato-chan! Don't be so mean~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Ah, {{userName}}-san! Hello. We just had a joint rehearsal together with Hello, Happy World! At one point, Kokoro-chan said...
(Black cut)
Aya: ... Isn't that funny~? But I think we all got a little bit closer today, and the Hello, Happy World! girls said they learned a lot from us, too! I was so happy!
Aya: Being able to be a role model for someone, having an influence on their lives... It's something I would love to do.... Hehehe.
Aya: Anyway, what is it you're doing here, {{userName}}-san? Ah! Are they the posters for our event? Wow~, they're amazing!
Aya: I'll help you put them up! I'm actually very good at this kind of thing, you know! We all have to work together to make this event go perfectly well!
