main024 Chapter 22: Start the music!

What are the lyrics Kasumi wrote...? And what will happen at the after-party?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[Dressing Room]

Kasumi: It's heart-pounding fun!
Ran: What?
Kasumi: The final lyric! "It's heart-pounding fun!" It just has to be.
Yukina: That's a lot more simple than I thought it would be...
Kasumi: I thought about it real hard. Maybe something more emotional~, or maybe something more rock~, but...
Kasumi: In the end, I thought, simple is best! I mean, you all feel the same way, right?
Aya: I do...! I think it's simple and it's easy to understand!
Kokoro: I agree, I like it!
Kasumi: Ran-chan, Yukina-senpai, what do you think?
Ran & Yukina: I like it. It's good.
Kasumi: Yay~!! It's decided, then! That's our final lyric!!
Sayo: Is everyone ready? It's time to head to the stage.
All: Ready!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Onstage]

Kasumi: Hi everyone~!! We wanna thank you all for coming today~!!
Aya: I'm afraid this next song will be our last one for today.
Yukina: It's a song that all five bands came together to create.
Ran: All of you who came to see our party today, and all of us who were lucky enough to perform for you, all shared a same single feeling today.
Ran: We hope you'll feel it together with us now.
Kokoro: So let's get going already!! Music, start!!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Music Venue]

Himari: The whole show went perfectly!!
Saya: It really did! They said the drinks at the cafe outside were really popular, too! I'm so glad~...
Himari: Really?! That's great!
Marina: Everyone!! Amazing work out there!! Thank you so much for putting on such a great show!!
Himari: Marina-san! Thank you, too, for all your amazing support over the past months!
Marina: Oh please, I hardly did anything. ... Then there's {{userName}}-san, who was hit pretty hard by some moshers out there. Are you okay?
Marina: Wait a minute, where's Kasumi-chan?
Saya: She's just clearing up the dressing room...
Kasumi: Great job today, everyone~~!!!
Saya: Kasumi~! Everyone, thank you so much for today! That new song was just incredible! ... Are you crying, Aya-senpai?!
Aya: O-of course I am~... This is all so emotional...
Hina: Don't worry, Aya-chan's always like this. She'll get through it herself.
Lisa: I felt like crying too, when I saw Yukina up there performing together with everyone...
Tomoe: I admit, seeing Ran almost set me off as well...
Misaki: I just felt so relieved...
Moca: It sounds like all our vocalists have their people looking out for them, huh~.
Ran: H-hey! That's just embarrassing, y'know...!
Marina: Hahaha. Really, though, you all performed so incredibly well today.
Marina: All five of your bands, with your own different ways and methods, worked hard to put on the best show that you could.
Marina: The audience clearly felt that dedication too, they really enjoyed the show! You certainly shared your smiles with everyone today.
Kasumi: Hehehe...! Thank you, too, {{userName}}-san! It was your advice that helped us focus on the feelings we all share and perform at our absolute best today!
Marina: You did it, {{userName}}-san! The owner is really pleased with you, too. She told us to go ahead and start planning a second event!
Arisa: Easy for her to say, huh.
Maya: I dunno, I think it's a good idea. We all experienced something incredible today. I'm ready to do it as many more times as we can!
Kasumi: Me too! With the 25 of us here, I bet it would be fun each and every time!
Tae: I think so too. As long as we remember to hold on to that feeling we all share.
Marina: That's the spirit~. The spirit of youth, is what it is. It kinda reminds me of my school festival days...
Marina: ... Anyway, we lost track a little there. Let's bring this day to a close, shall we?
Kasumi: Okay~! Let's all make a toast!
Marina: Good idea. Does everyone have a drink? Let's have Kasumi-chan take the lead.
Kasumi: Okay then! Allow me, Kasumi Toyama, to lead you all in a toast to our great work today! Ready...?
Kasumi: Wh-whoa?!
Hagumi: Huh? Wait, when were we supposed to say cheers?
Rinko: I-I don't really know...
Lisa: Haha, hahaha! We were all over the place! I guess that sums us all up though, really.
Ran: We were so in sync for that whole performance...
Saya: But now...! Fufu... Hahaha! Kasumi, one more time!
Kasumi: Hehehe... Okay. I'll say "ready, set..." Then you all come in with "cheers!" Ready... set...!
All: Cheers!!
(Black cut)
