main032 Chapter 4: CiRCLE's Future

They've decided to hold a second Girls Band Party. The goal this time around is...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Ran: So...? What is this favor?
Marina: We were thinking of holding the second Girls Band Party. We were hoping you girls would perform.
Kasumi: Yes! We'll do it!!
Arisa: You just don't learn! You need to ask for details! Get it through your head!
Kasumi: But it sounds so fun~! And we were talking about how we wanted to do another one anyway.
Arisa: It doesn't matter! ... Jeez, it's like I'm still talking to first-year Kasumi.
Sayo: Toyama-san, Ichigaya-san. Please stop talking. We need more details.
Kasumi & Arisa: Sorry...
Marina: Fufu, thank you. Remember how we talked about CiRCLE's goal to support girl bands when we had the first Girls Band Party?
Marina: That we wanted this to be a place where those bands would be lifted up! And that we wanted to become better known so that everyone would come to use our space!
Marina: ... That was the whole point of the first Girls Band Party. Remember that?
Lisa: And it was a successful event. We all had so much fun.
Yukina: What exactly would be the objective of the second event?
Marina: Okay, so for the second event, we're hoping we can do something to give students who are thinking of creating their own group the push they need... You know, a bit of encouragement.
Kasumi: A push, huh...?
Marina: Groups made up of only girls are really trending, aren't they? That's why you hear people talking about the age of the girl bands, right?
Marina: CiRCLE has benefitted greatly from that, and there are a lot more people around who are interested in bands than there used to be.
Marina: That's why, going forward, we want CiRCLE to be a place of support for girls who want to start their own band, not just a place for bands that already exist... That's the idea.
Arisa: And so you would like us to help... by having a concert?
Marina: Yep! You all did well during the first one, and you've done a lot of growing over the year. I think you girls could help provide the inspiration other students need.
Marina: I won't act like it's easy to be a role model and aspire people. Even so-
Kasumi: We'll do it!
Kasumi: Think about it! How awesome would it be for us to actually motivate someone to start their own band?!
Kasumi: The first Girls Band Party was so fun! The way we took what we were feeling during the performance and turned that into the lyrics... It was like we all felt the same thing, and I loved that.
Kasumi: To think we could have more people who might feel the same thing. It's like... our fun would be multiplied! That's the sense I get...
Kasumi: And that's why...
Ran: That's why you wanna do it?
Kasumi: Y-yeah! That's why I wanna do it!!
Kasumi: I have such a great time being in a band. So I want everyone else to know how that feels too.
Tae: Exactly. Let's do it! You're on board, right, Arisa?
Arisa: ... Yeah. There's no going back once Kasumi gets like this.
Marina: Thank you...! I knew that's how you girls would respond!
Marina: How about the rest of you?
Aya: Pastel＊Palettes would have to get permission from the agency, but... we would love to!! It's always worth taking part in a performance that'll motivate others!
Ran: It should be no problem for us. I think we could show just how fun being in a band is.
Kokoro: No need to even ask us! Giving someone courage is wonderful, so of course we'll do it!
Kasumi: Uhm, what about Roselia...?
Yukina: We couldn't possibly refuse.
Kasumi: R-really?!
Yukina: It'd be a show that provides encouragement... I believe we'll be able to grow as a band as we strive to perform for others.
Yukina: Let me make one thing clear, however. We will not hold back. We will not accept any weak performances.
Kasumi: O-of course! Let's make it the best concert we can!!
Marina: I really appreciate this, girls! Let's lend a hand to some girl bands!
Marina: We'll support you as much as we can as well, so if you need anything at all, just give us a shout.
Kasumi: Okay! Thank you!
Kasumi: Now I'm fired up...!! Time to put on the greatest performance ever!!
