main059 Chapter 8: Pastel＊Aya-Chan Tour

Pastel＊Palettes explores Campus Street and talks about how life has been lately.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Campus Street]

Aya: Umm~, ahem. Everyone, please take a look at the brick building to your left♪
Eve: Oh wow, it has an interesting but elegant look to it.
Aya: That café is on the way to Yotsuba Women's University. It's been there for a long time, and its retro interior is really nice. Many Yotsuba students like to hang out there.
Chisato: A lot of students go there when they have a break between classes.
Eve: I see! So, sometimes there are free periods at colleges! That is very interesting!
Aya: By the way, the café serves old-fashioned handmade pudding. It's so creamy and delicious~.
Maya: Fufu, Eve-san and Aya-san look like they're having a great time.
Hina: I feel inviting Eve-chan to check out the college is going super well♪ Plus, it's been ages since we all hung out like this, hasn't it?
Chisato: Yes. I don't think we've been together since we went to Shibuya before our college entrance exams.
Maya: That feels so long ago already. I'm glad we could all hang out like this again.
Aya: And prepare to be amazed! This building has a fitness gym inside!
Eve: Wow! I-I do not believe it! And what is in that old building?
Aya: Huh? That one there? I don't usually go that way... I can't remember.
Maya: It's a used bookstore. It's got a lot of specialty and technical books.
Hina: My Intro to Psych professor said it's a good bookstore~.
Eve: Oh, is it?! So, this used bookstore must be popular with the students of Keiho Women's University!
Aya: By the way, what is Keiho like? Is everyone really smart?
Hina: It's not like that at all. Right, Maya-chan?
Maya: Yep. There's not that much of a difference between the general atmospheres.
Hina: But Keiho's got a bunch of interesting people. There are so many wacky clubs. The other day, all sorts of members were asking us to join again.
Hina: There's the Paranormal Activities Club, the Cops and Robbers Club, and even a club that makes its own rice called "Tagayashi."
Chisato: ... It's amazing how free students are to express their unique interests.
Hina: See? Pretty cool, right~? Everyone's studying, but they're free to study all kinds of stuff. It's so much fun learning all these new ways of thinking about things!
Maya: I couldn't believe it when you joined the All Things Idols Club, though, Hina-san.
Aya: What? You joined a club about idols?!
Hina: I sure did~. The members freaked out when I came with my club sign-up form. They were all like, "Ah, it's Hina Hikawa..." Ahahaha.
Chisato: Of course they were surprised. I'm sure they never imagined an actual idol would be one of their newest members.
Hina: I was torn between the Astronomy and the Paranormal Activities clubs, but then I saw "Idols are the universe" written on a big sign, and my heart skipped a beat!
Eve: Idols are the universe...? What does that mean?
Hina: Who knows! But it sounds cool, doesn't it?
Hina: And I've always been curious about what kinda idol I wanna be. So I handed in a request to join the club right then and there!
Aya: A club dedicated to idols~. That sounds fun~. But what does the club do?
Hina: Dunno yet, but there's tons of idol stuff in the club room, like idol merch and videos!
Hina: They said they even have a video of the debut show of that band you like, Marmalade.
Aya: What?! Are you serious?! But Ayumi-san said in an interview that there weren't any copies left of their first show...!
Hina: You should come check it out~! The club members would flip if you stopped by.
Aya: I will! I'll definitely come!
Maya: Pastel＊Palettes isn't that well-known yet, but I guess people in an idol club would know all about us.
Chisato: Maya-chan, aren't you going to join a club?
Maya: Well, I'm still thinking about it~. I am interested in the Audio Club...
Hina: If you're interested, you should just go for it, right?
Maya: That's true, but the thing is... I'm thinking of getting my driver's license. So I'll probably start going to driving school...
Hina: Whoa~! I like the sound of that! If you could drive... It would be so boppin'♪
Aya: Let's go for a drive when you get your license!
Maya: Sure~. I want to focus on that, so I'm worried about spreading myself too thin.
Eve: Good luck! I am looking forward to when you can drive!
Aya: By the way, how do you like living with Kanon-chan, Chisato-chan? Are you having fun?
Chisato: Yes. There's a lot to get used to, but I'm enjoying every day of it. Especially the housework. I've helped at home, but I've never done as much as I'm doing now.
Hina: Are you okay using stuff like the washing machine? You haven't shrunken a sweater, have you~?
Chisato: Fufu, there's no need to worry about that. I looked up all I needed to beforehand.
Chisato: Between the two of us, though, Kanon is the most excited about everything. Why, the other day, she spent hours cooking a stew for us.
Eve: Wow, you get to eat her home-cooking?! You are so lucky!
Chisato: I am. Come visit us sometime. Kanon would love that.
Maya: Eve-san, you became the leader of your clubs, didn't you?
Eve: Yes, I did! I am now the head of the Kendo Club, the Flower Arrangement Club, and the Tea Ceremony Club!
Aya: Becoming the leader of three clubs is really amazing...
Eve: Oh no, the club members recommended me! But I felt I would not be a good leader because of work, so at first, I declined...
Eve: But then, the members told me that they wanted me to be the club leader, and we would all work together to run the clubs.
Eve: I want to work hard to become a great club leader and not bring shame to the members!
Hina: Ahaha, that's great! Your senior year is gonna be totally boppin'♪
Eve: When I told Hanne about this, she said she believed I would do well.
Aya: She's right. I think you will~.
Aya: It feels like so much is changing! Hearing everyone's stories makes me want to start something new too!
Chisato: Well, I think it's good to try new things. Is there anything you'd like to try?
Aya: I'm going to think on it a little... Huh? We reached the main road. I guess this is the end of Campus Street~.
Hina: We've still got time 'till our meeting at the agency. What should we do now?
Maya: Well... since we're free, why don't we drop by RiNG?
Maya: I saw a little of it before, but I still haven't had the grand tour.
Aya: Great idea! It's near here, so let's have a look since we're all together!
