main030 Chapter 2: What's New at School? 2

School is off to a fresh start. How are things looking at Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Kanon: Chisato-chan, we should have lunch together.
Chisato: Sure. Ah, Aya-chan said she would like to have lunch together as well...
Aya: Chisato-chan! Come on, let's eat!
Chisato: Fufu, that's fine. We'll have a party of three.
Aya: Where are Sayo-chan and Rinko-chan?
Kanon: They said they would have lunch in the student-council room so they can work at the same time.
Aya: Oh, they did? Aw man. You're all so lucky, getting placed together.
Chisato: I can't believe you're the only one who ended up in a different class.
Aya: It's no fair~! You all have it good~!
Kanon: But we can all still eat as a group like this. Let's head to the courtyard, Aya-chan.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council]

Sayo: ...
Rinko: ...
Arisa: ...
Kasumi: Arisa~! Time for lunch...
Arisa: Kasumi... Haven't you heard of a little thing called "bad timing"?
Sayo: We'll keep working. Don't mind us.
Rinko: She's right. You two can talk... It's okay...
Arisa: Keep the talking to a minimum. Got it?
Kasumi: Awww~...
Arisa: Learn to read between the lines!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Aya: Oh man... All the spots are taken.
Kanon: I suppose everyone had the same idea.
Eve: Aya-san~! Chisato-san~! Kanon-san~!
Aya: Eve-chan! Did you come to have lunch here? Sorry to say it, but there are no more spots...
Eve: No, actually, I was just eating with Hagumi-san and a few others! If you would like, you could join us.
Aya: We can?! Well, what do you two think?
Chisato: I'm okay with that. We can have ourselves a large gathering.
Hagumi: Guys~, over here~!
Kanon: Wow! There are a lot more people here than I thought.
Kokoro: Yep! Isn't it such a lovely day? It'd be a waste to stay inside the classroom. That's why I invited my classmates, Saya and Rimi!
Misaki: I just got roped in somehow.
Saya: Rimi and I originally planned to have lunch with O-Tae, so the three of us joined...
Eve: And then Hagumi-san and I did as well!
Aya: Oh, okay. And Arisa-chan and Kasumi-chan aren't with you?
Saya: Arisa was saying that she has some student-council stuff to take care of.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan is supposed to be helping her with it.
Tae: Chisato-senpai, take a look at this.
Chisato: That's the bunny-tail bun from Yamabuki Bakery, isn't it?! What about it?
Tae: That part's a secret.
Kokoro: Now, it's time for us all to have a fun lunch!
Hagumi: Kokoron! I wanna play volleyball once we're done eating!
Kokoro: Great idea! I'm sure it'll be a blast with all these people to play with!
Kanon: I-I feel like I should apologize to you two...
Misaki: I'll add to that. Sorry...
Chisato: Fufu, it's quite alright. It'll be a bit more lively than I expected, but... that can be an enjoyable experience every now and then.
Tae: Chisato-chan, pick one: the Michelle team or the Oddie team?
Aya: What exactly does that mean...?
Saya: My guess is she's talking about the volleyball teams.
Chisato: I-I'll pass on both...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council]

Arisa: ...
Kasumi: Ah, a message.
Arisa: Hey! Put it on silent mode!
Sayo: Oh? I received something as well.
Rinko: I imagine... we were all sent a message...
Arisa: Really? Oh, you're right. It's from Marina-san...
Marina: "Hey girls! I know this is sudden, but there's something I want to talk to you all about. Would you be able to come to CiRCLE on your next day off from school?"
Kasumi: She wants to talk to us about something? I wonder what it is.
