main060 Chapter 9: Idol∞Ring

Aya and the girls are at RiNG. The subject of their new work comes up...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[RiNG - Entrance]

Aya: Oh wow~, this place was designed to let the breeze come through. And it gets good sunlight. It feels so nice and warm in here~.
Chisato: The lounge is stylish too. And since it's brand new, the walls and the sofas are spotless.
Maya: This studios are well-equipped, and on top of that, there are lots of them. CiRCLE's second location definitely lives up to the hype!
Hina: Kasumi-chan and Saya-chan are working part-time here, but it looks like they're not in today~.
Eve: That is too bad. I was hoping to see what they are like when they are working.
Maya: This studio's in good hands with those two around. Beginners who come here will have the perfect people to get advice from.
Aya: Hey! What if we had rehearsals at RiNG sometimes too?
Chisato: That's a good idea. ViVidCanvas has been using the rehearsal room at the agency much more now.
Maya: They've been performing a lot lately. The new song they just released was really good.
Aya: It really was! Their dance moves for that song were so cool~.
Hina: The song plays during the credits of a regional variety show, doesn't it?
Aya: That's right! They're working so hard! I wonder if we'll be offered some new work too~.
Maya: Speaking of new work, the other day, I overheard someone at our agency talking on the phone about the "Tokyo Idol Summit."
Aya, Hina, Eve & Chisato: What?!
Aya: Do you mean that Tokyo Idol Summit?!
Maya: Ah, yeah. It was only a quick phone call, so I don't know all the details, but it was definitely brought up.
Hina: That's the super-huge idol reality show that's starting soonish, right?
Chisato: Yes. It's going to be a docuseries on TV and streaming online that follows competing idol groups to decide who are the best of the best idols...
Aya: More and more famous idol groups are being announced as part of the show!
Maya: Local and indie idols can join too, so it won't only be major groups. It's no exaggeration to call this show the Idol Grand Prix that will decide the current top idols.
Eve: It will be a truly decisive battle between idols...!
Aya: Do you think that maybe our meeting at the agency... could be about us entering that competition...?!
Eve: Wow! That would be incredible.
Hina: Sure would. It sounds insanely hard but also insanely fun~!
Maya: Right? It would be very challenging, but it would definitely be worth it for us to tr-
Chisato: E-everybody, slow down for a minute.
Chisato: It's possible we'll be joining the show, but we need to confirm that first. If we get our hopes up too high, we'll be disappointed if it turns out we're not a part of it.
Maya: Y-you're right. The conversation might've had nothing to do with us. Sorry for bringing up something I'm not even sure about.
Chisato: It's okay. Someone from our agency will definitely let us know if we're going to be in the show.
Aya: Yeah... But don't you think it'd be nice if we really were in it?
Aya: I mean, I feel like we could make our way through the Tokyo Idol Summit's competition.
Chisato: Aya-chan...
Aya: When the five of us are together, anything is possible. You all feel the same way, don't you?
Maya: Yes... I feel the same!
Hina: Me too. Because there aren't any idols as cool as us.
Eve: Yes! Pastel＊Palettes has no equal!
Aya: Alright, we'll need to do more rehearsals, so we'll be ready if we get the chance! Maybe we could ask for a new dance instructor.
Chisato: Fufu, everything you want to do always ends up being about idols.
Aya: Ah...! You're right. Maybe all the things I do are connected to being an idol somehow.
Maya: You're just a natural-born idol.
Hina: Hey, guys, it's still a little early, but why don't we go to the agency now? I'm dying to find out what our meeting's about.
Aya: Good idea! Ohh~, I'm getting so excited!
Aya: C'mon, let's go!
Chisato: You could have an accident if you run off so suddenly.
Aya: But I can barely keep from jumping up and down! Okay, I'm going to sprint to the agency!
Hina: Ooh, nice. You're not gonna beat me~.
Eve: Me neither! Quick, to our headquarters!
Maya: Ahh! Guys, wait for me~!
Chisato: Fufu, I guess we're running, then.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
