main040 Chapter 12: Don't Push! Pull!

While pondering ways to provide encouragement, Arisa ends up realizing something.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Bands are fun. Bands are fun. Bands are fun. Ooo~...
Arisa: Kasumi, you're gonna give nightmares.
Kasumi: The day of the performance isn't coming any slower! We have to hurry up and figure out what kind of show to put on~.
Rimi: It was pretty fun playing with the others. And everyone who came to rehearsal looked like they were having a good time.
Kasumi: I want people to feel what I'm feeling. I want to give them a push and encourage them... Gahhh~!! It's not working. What does it mean to give someone a push?
Saya: ... You all gave me the push I needed. You made me want to be part of a band again.
Tae: Yeah. The reason Rei and I could play together, the reason I'm here now, is that all of you here lent me a hand.
Arisa: We may have been able to clean up all of our own problems, but I think this is the first time we're trying to support such a large number of people.
Rimi: Everyone has a different background. They all have different thoughts and feelings about bands... Hmmm...
Arisa: I-I don't think we'll be able to perform if we're trying to keep all of those people in mind.
Saya: Guys, why don't we try to think of a concept?
Saya: A lot has been going on, and we're kinda all over the place. We need to figure out what we, the five of us, can do.
Saya: Sure, giving other people a push is the larger concept, but maybe we can come up with our own way of doing things...
Rimi: The first time around was about spreading smiles and laughter.
Kasumi: But I just wanna get others to understand how fun being in a band is. I want to encourage the kids who want to start one!
Kasumi: ... I just... can't seem to come up with anything else, no matter how much I think~.
Arisa: This thought came to me, Kasumi...
Kasumi: What?! What is it?!
Arisa: I don't know if you know how to push people.
Kasumi: Arisa~! That's so mean~!
Arisa: No, I mean, you're less of a pusher and more of a puller.
Kasumi: What do you mean?
Arisa: You're forceful! Like you don't care about inconveniencing others...
Kasumi: Ohhh...
Arisa: You went peeking into my basement without permission, you wanted to form a band with me without asking... Lots of stuff like that!
Arisa: B-but those are the moments when you pulled me along. And that's why Poppin'Party is what it is now. Why I've... become the person I am.
Saya: Yeah, I would say that your forcefulness pulled us in.
Kasumi: Why do you guys keep saying mean things about me?!
Tae: They're complimenting you. Rather than nicely push others in a direction, you take them by the hand and charge forward. That's your way of helping them.
Rimi: Mhm. That's one of the best things about you.
Arisa: R-right, that's what I was trying to say. There's no way you'd be able to push people.
Saya: Don't push! Pull!! Fufu, that works too, right?
Saya: That's more your style, instead of being all formal and doing things by the book... Actually, I guess it's our style now.
Kasumi: Our style...
Arisa: It's better for you to do things in a way that fits you. Stop trying to think. Be yourself! Make a move!
Saya: Sounds like you're trying to cheer her on.
Arisa: No one asked you!
Kasumi: Oh... Yeah! Okay!!
Kasumi: If the only thing I can communicate is that bands are fun, then I'll just do that as best as I can.
Kasumi: No need to bother with things we can't do. We just need to be ourselves and bam!! Do our thing!
Tae: There you go!
Rimi: We'll do everything we can, Kasumi-chan!
Kasumi: Thanks, you guys! Arisa might be right. Maybe we're better off without me trying to think too hard. Ehehe...
Tae: The best Kasumi is the one that doesn't use her brain!
Saya: Uhhh, are you trying to say something nice...?
Kasumi: Okay~!! Time to get to work!! No more pushing! Just pull!! Hey, hey, hoh~!!
