main034 Chapter 6: A Concert of Encouragement

The day of the mini-concert has come! How did people feel about it?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Day of the Mini-Concert]

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Kasumi: It's almost time! Hey, O-Tae, how did things look out there?
Tae: The crowd is really big! There are lots of girls about our age!
Kasumi: There are?! Did you hear that, Arisa?!
Arisa: Yes, yes, I did! I heard her, okay?!
Sayo: We'll be starting in ten minutes. Is Poppin'Party ready to go?
Kasumi: Y-yeah!
Kasumi: Okay, you guys! We're the first ones up! Let's get that crowd excited!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Kasumi: Hello, everyone!! We're Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: I wanna hear you all cheering all the way till the end! Now, let's have some fun!!
Ran: We're Afterglow, and it's time to rock!
Aya: Hello~! We are...
Pastel＊Palettes: Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: We hope you all enjoy the performance!!
Kokoro: Happy! Lucky! Smile! Hooray!! Hello, Happy World! is here to play!!
Yukina: We are Roselia.
Yukina: This is our first song.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After the Performance]

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Marina: Amazing job out there, girls! The show was a hit! Everyone absolutely lost it!
Kasumi: That's great! I wonder if anyone is more interested in bands now!
Marina: There are still customers in the lobby and the performance area. Why don't you take a look?
Kasumi: Okay, we will! C'mon, guys!
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Arisa: Look at all these people...!
Rimi: They seem to be having a lot of fun.
Kaoru: Greetings, little kittens. Any thoughts on the performance?
Audience Member A: It was lovely...!
Audience Member B: You're super cool, even up close, Kaoru-sama~...
Arisa: That didn't take long.
Saya: Ahaha...
Kasumi: I wanna talk to someone too~. 'Kay, no time to lose...
Kasumi: Hi there! Thanks for coming to our show today!
Kasumi: What did you think of the performances?
Audience Member C: Th-they... w-were a lot of fun!! Just amazing!! So cool!!
Tae: Yes! Isn't that awesome, Kasumi?
Audience Member C: I-I thought maybe I'd start a band of my own!
Kasumi: Wow...! Thank you for saying that!
Tae: I'm happy to hear that too.
Marina: Kasumi-chan, could you come over here for a quick photo? I want us to capture this moment.
Kasumi: Hear that?! C'mon, O-Tae!
Tae: Kasumi, we should pose in a CiRCLE.
Kasumi: Oh, okay, why don't we get everyone to make it together?
Tae: Sounds fun♪ Let's tell the others.
Arisa: Hello~. Kasumi, O-Tae! Hurry up~.
Kasumi: Coming~!
