main029 Chapter 1: What's New at School? 1

School is off to a fresh start. How are things looking at Haneoka Girls' Academy?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Tomoe: Guys, let's get to eatin' already.
Himari: Yeah! Sigh, I'm so hungry~.
Tsugumi: We did have PE this morning. I'm pretty hungry myself.
Moca: And isn't it great that we don't have to go to the classroom next door to pick up Ran~?
Ran: It's not like I was in a separate class because I wanted to be.
Hina: Tsugu-chan~!!
Tsugumi: Ah! Hina-senpai?! What's wrong?! Student Council's not meeting for lunch today...
Hina: Yeah we are! I just decided!
Ran: Huh?
Hina: You know how we were going back and forth about that school-cleaning event but couldn't agree? I think I came up with something that'll work.
Hina: So I decided that we'll have a meeting, even though there wasn't one scheduled for today! I'm gonna borrow Tsugu-chan, okay, you guys?!
Tsugumi: What?! W-wait! Hina-senpai!
Tsugumi: Sorry, everyone~! I'll meet up with you later~!!
Moca: Godspeed...
Himari: Who'd have thought that Hina-senpai would become the student-council president? Tsugu sure has it hard.
Tomoe: I mean, Hina-senpai's a little weird, but she's proactive and she makes things interesting. That should work out well, right?
Ran: I don't know if I agree with her showing up to steal Tsugumi like that though.
Ako: Sis~!!
Tomoe: Oh, Ako! What's up?
Ako: Ehehehe~, I thought I'd come to see you since we go to the same school now♪
Himari: Ako-chan's finally a first-year high-school student~. Well? How is it?
Ako: Great! Lots of fun!
Tomoe: Oh yeah, you're in the same class as Kasumi's little sister, right?
Ran: Wow, really? So she didn't go to Hanasakigawa, huh?
Ako: She said she always had her mind set on taking the entrance exam for Haneoka!
Himari: Oh, she did? Fufu, you know, I'm still getting used to seeing you in a blazer of that color.
Ako: Heh heh heh, it's the same as my sister's! Isn't it cool?!
Tomoe: Looks good on you, Ako.
Moca: I'm not used to seeing us in these new skirts and ties either~. Kinda makes me uneasy~.
Ran: Feels a bit weird, yeah. ... Hm?
Yukina: ... Ah.
Tomoe: Minato-san! Hey there. What are you doing on the second-year floor?
Yukina: Nothing, I just-
Kaoru: Greetings, Yukina! Could it be that you, too, have gone astray in this labyrinth know as our academy?
Himari: Kaoru-senpai's here too?! What are third years doing here?
Tomoe: S-so, you both are-
Lisa: Ah, there they are~! Hey, Yukina, Kaoru~!
Kaoru: The lovely Lisa! And what is this? Maya as well! Perhaps the labyrinth has employed its wiles to send you two wander-
Lisa: Sure, sure, whatever! Class is being held upstairs! You guys can't keep getting lost every time we have to move to another classroom~. You had us wondering where you went!
Tomoe: So you guys did come to the wrong floor...
Ran: Minato-san, third-year classrooms aren't down here, you know.
Yukina: No need to repeat what's already been said.
Lisa: No fighting! Remember, we promised to have lunch as a third-year group, right? If we don't hurry, we're not gonna get a good spot in the courtyard.
Maya: You too, Kaoru-san! Let's go! See you all later!
Moca: Bye-bye~.
Tomoe: ... I know we're ones to talk, but...
Ran: Those girls haven't changed, huh?
Tomoe: Ahaha... Kind of a relief though, isn't it?
Himari: Hey, did you see Kaoru-senpai smile at me when she was leaving?
Ran: ... Nothing's changed here either.
Moca: The same as always~.
