main012 Chapter 10: The Much-Awaited Show

On the day of a short live show, all band members are incredibly excited. But what will the audience think...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Music Hall]

Saya: Rimi-rin, could you grab that cable for me?
Rimi: Sure! ... Ah, eek!
Kasumi: Oh no... Are you okay, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Oww... Yeah, I'm fine...
Arisa: It's almost time for the real thing! Pull it together.
Rimi: Ehehe... I'm sorry.
Marina: Are you okay, Rimi-chan? Rehearsals all went smoothly, so I think it's about time we opened the doors. Is everyone ready?
Kasumi: Yes ma'am!
Marina: Okay, then let's do it! You're all set to go, right? Could you get the doors for me?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Tsugumi: The doors are open!!
Tomoe: Ahh, it's finally happening!
Lisa: This it is! Our first gig!
Kokoro: This is so exciting! I want to start singing right now!
Hina: Right? I'm getting really pumped! I don't think I can keep my hands off my guitar!
Sayo: ... Hina, settle down. There's still 30 minutes until the first band. You still have an hour until you're on.
Hina: Fine~.
Ran: ... It's so noisy in here. Moca, let's go get some fresh air.
Moca: Okay~. Let's eat some buns and chill out~.
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Marina: It's almost time, everyone! The first band up is Afterglow. Good luck!
Himari: We've got this! Let's go do it, everyone!!
Tomoe: Yeah. Let's go turn up the heat out there!
Tsugumi: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Marina: That was amazing! Every single band was really cool out there~... I felt just as excited as the people in the audience.
Marina: Ah, I think everyone's just about finished cleaning up. Could you ask everyone to come here?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Great job everyone! Your shows were awesome! Check this out! You're already getting great reviews on the website~!
Aya: Wow...! Look at how many comments there are!
Hagumi: You're right! "Hagumi-chan was so cute on the bass" ...? Ehehe~, I'm so happy♪
Marina: You guys all worked so hard today, so we've organized some snacks and juice for everyone! Let's have a little celebration!
Lisa: Ooh, nice idea! That sounds fun♪ ... Okay, Yukina, Sayo. No saying "we can't afford to be wasting time like this" today, got it?
Sayo: ... Fine.
Marina: Okay, does everyone have a glass~? Without further ado.. Here's to everyone's first successful show...
All: Cheers!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: The shows today were so amazing, huh?! It made my heart pound!!
Arisa: Everything makes your heart pound.
Aya: It made my heart pound too! Like... in a different way to being nervous. Something from today made me feel like we'll be able to do even better shows in the future.
Kokoro: I agree!! It felt like we were looking at the universe from the stage!!
Ran: The universe...?
Aya: Ahaha... I knew there was something similar about Kokoro-chan and Hina-chan. A-anyway, let's make the next event we do a success too!
Yukina: Naturally.
Ran: Agreed.
Marina: This worked out well. I think we made the right choice in having this smaller show. I think it's really motivated everyone!
Marina: With how things are, I'm starting to think it might be okay to give the girls more say in how we go about doing the event. What do you think?
Marina: Right? I knew you'd agree. Of course, we'll have to handle a lot of the little things, but why don't we trust in their potential?
Marina: ... So, why don't we get some more food to raise their spirits? Your treat, of course~!
