main011 Chapter 9: Yukina's Lesson

Roselia and Poppin'Party practice together. What does Kasumi do after receiving a fiery instruction from Yukina?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Yukina: The bass was little behind in the last part.
Rimi: S-sorry...!
Kasumi: Let's try it one more time!
Ako: Th-this is... wow...
Rinko: Y-yes... Yukina-san is so strict...
Lisa: This kinda feels more like a boot camp than a group practice session...
Lisa: Yukina~! Giving them an intensive is good and all, but go easy on them, okay~?
Yukina: That's not what I was trying to do...
Saya: Why don't we take a quick break? I feel bad for having you teach us nonstop.
Sayo: It's fine. It is wonderful that you have the will to improve yourselves.
Tae: I have to say though, you are really good at the guitar.
Sayo: ... Thank you. In my opinion I still have a long way to go, mind you.
Lisa: Oh, c'mon~. These cute little 1st graders are being sweet. You could just say thanks, you know?
Sayo: I'm not being obstinate. I honestly feel that way, which is why I said it...
Kasumi: You're amazing, Sayo-senpai. What made you want to practice so hard?
Sayo: Technique is everything... That's why.
Rimi: It's everything...?
Yukina: We only believe in the absolute. And technique is an absolute standard in which one can be evaluated. That's why refine our skills.
Kasumi: Hrm, this is kinda hard to follow~.
Arisa: *sigh* I knew you were gonna say that.
Kasumi: Did you get what they meant, Arisa?
Arisa: O-of course I did!
Sayo: You can decide if someone is good at their instrument or not regardless of your musical preferences, right?
Sayo: We want to mark our place with absolute technical skills, regardless of who it is that listens to us. And in order to be evaluated that way, we must continue to heighten our technical ability.
Rimi: That's true, I think everyone who hears Roselia would agree they have amazing technique.
Arisa: It's a rationalized way of looking at it.
Tae: Is music really meant to be such a rational thing...? Skilled or not, I feel like the desire to play makes your body move on it's own.
Sayo: We have a goal. And this approach is the most optimal way to achieve that goal.
Kasumi: What's the goal that Roselia's aiming towards?
Yukina: It's... not something that needs to be said here.
Lisa: Ahh, let's just say we have our reasons, yeah?
Rinko: Umm... does Poppin' Party have... a goal or anything like that?
Kasumi: There's a certain place where we want to perform.
Saya: Yeah, that's right.
Kasumi: It might still be a long way away for us, but we want to get there someday no matter what.
Kasumi: And to do that we have get better and better at our instruments!
Tae: Yeah. We'll get there, no matter what.
Yukina: A stage that you want to stand upon... Your goal isn't so different to ours.
Sayo: I'm glad we could learn what your intentions are.
Ako: Fu fu fu~. Brethren who play the melody of eternal darkness! Let us enjoy our passage to our final destination together! ... How was that, Rin-rin? Was it cool?
Rinko: Yes... it was really cool...
Rimi: M-melody of eternal darkness...?
Saya: Ahaha. Tomoe told me Ako-chan was like this, I guess nothing's changed.
Yukina: We won't force you on your path to reach your goal, but since we want to achieve something similar, we can at least help you.
Lisa: That's a nice thing to say, Yukina. The old you would never have said that!
Yukina: Is that so...?
Kasumi: So that means you'll teach us more, right? Right?! Yay~!
Arisa: Don't tell me we're going back to bootcamp...
Sayo: I will use our lessons together as a process to refine my technique even more.
Arisa: Oh man...
Rinko: L-let's... do our best on... our keyboards...
Kasumi: Okay~!! Let's do it, guys!! Yeah~!
