main072 Chapter 21: Beyond the Changed World

RAS has finished practicing at RiNG, and CHU² announces what she has planned.

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[RiNG - Stage]

LOCK (Rokka): Sigh~...! That was the first time we saw that band, but that was a mighty fine concert~...!
PAREO (Reona): Yes! And the acoustics of the venue were wonderful as well. I was so very excited♪
CHU² (Chiyu): I didn't have high expectations for this live house, but they have quite the equipment setup.
CHU² (Chiyu): They only just opened, and attention on them is high. It might be worth it to stand on their stage at least once.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, really?! When are we gonna do it? I've been wanting to since the show just now started!
CHU² (Chiyu): H-hey, you're being too hasty! Calm down!
LAYER (Rei): Huh? Are you all having fun without us?
PAREO (Reona): LAYER-san! Massu-san! Did you finish greeting the performers?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, it went pretty smoothly. More importantly, listen to this.
MASKING (Masuki): The person we went to greet was someone we knew in our days doin' backup, but Rei was actin' completely stiff and formal.
LAYER (Rei): Can you blame me? I haven't seen them in a while...!
MASKING (Masuki): But it sounds like they've been followin' our work this whole time.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, really?
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. They teased us, saying, "The Contest Crushers are here," as soon as we entered the dressing room...
LOCK (Rokka): Huh...? "Contest Crushers"...?
MASKING (Masuki): We've been participatin' in more contest-style events lately, right? And we've been snatchin' first and other prizes, so that's what we're gettin' called 'round here.
LOCK (Rokka): W-we have a vicious nickname like that?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh, "Contest Crushers" sounds good to me.
CHU² (Chiyu): To begin with, narrowing down our performances to contest-style events so people would gossip about us was the goal.
PAREO (Reona): And by that, you mean?
CHU² (Chiyu): Once RAISE A SUILEN's name spreads, it will make it that much easier for us to receive offers from large events and festivals.
CHU² (Chiyu): With our talent, we should be able to move on to the next step... RAS's activities will be even bigger and flashier from now on!
CHU² (Chiyu): You all better motivate yourselves even more!
LAYER, LOCK, MASKING & PAREO: Yeah! Okay! Gotcha!
CHU² (Chiyu): Now then. Let's head back to the studio right away so we can all practice toget- Hm?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Ugh, this email again.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, what is the matter?
CHU² (Chiyu): I got a scout offer from a music agency. There's been a lot lately.
LOCK (Rokka): What? That's amazing! It's an offer for us to go pro, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): That's right. But I have no intention of attaching RAS to a music agency.
LAYER (Rei): Because it's better for us if you can produce the way you want... Right?
LOCK (Rokka): What does that mean...?
MASKING (Masuki): If we join a music agency, they'll support us in various ways, but not everythin' will go exactly how we want it to go.
LAYER (Rei): It's horrible to say, but it's because money always gets involved.
LAYER (Rei): Whether the matter is big or small, people from the agency will chime in on it. Of course, some agencies do respect their artists, but...
PAREO (Reona): It sounds as though it would be more of a disadvantage for us.
LOCK (Rokka): I see...! The professional world sure is challenging...
CHU² (Chiyu): Agh, jeez. Another email? ... And it's from the same music agency!
LAYER (Rei): Are they being really insistent with their invitations?
CHU² (Chiyu): Yeah. They've been trying to contact me multiple times lately. But I absolutely refuse to deal with this agency.
PAREO (Reona): Were you displeased with something?
CHU² (Chiyu): There's no way I would be pleased with them! "Please consider our agency, as we will be the standard-bearer of the girls band era," my foot!!
CHU² (Chiyu): The girls band era wasn't created by some music agency. It was the music of the previous generation of musicians and several generations before them.
CHU² (Chiyu): And the ones to lead the girls band era will be us. Saying they'll be the standard-bearer when they can't even play or create music. How could anyone be so conceited?!
LAYER (Rei): CHU², I know how you feel, but calm down...!
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, whoa. Whoa~.
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, CHU². Yer phone's ringin' again.
LOCK (Rokka): Is it an email from the same agency...?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Ugh~. They're so persistent!! I've turned them down several times, so I wish they'd give it a res- Huh?
CHU² (Chiyu): It's here... It's finally here...!!
LOCK & MASKING: ...?
CHU² (Chiyu): We got an offer to perform! It's from Japan Rock Fes, the biggest music festival in Japan!!
LAYER (Rei): J-Japan Rock Fes?!
MASKING (Masuki): Seriously...?! I never even played a festival that huge when I was doin' backup!
PAREO (Reona): That is marvelous~! ... Oh dear. LOCK-san? Your eyes are spinning!
LOCK (Rokka): I-I'm sorry. This is just so sudden...! I've watched that festival on TV every year since I was little, and we get to take part in it...?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Fufu. I told you, didn't I? RAS is at the stage where we're moving on to the next step!
CHU² (Chiyu): We'll change the world... No, I'll show everyone we can go even further than that.
CHU² (Chiyu): With RAISE A SUILEN's music!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
