main006 Chapter 4: Introduction by Music

All the bands get together and introduce themselves. What does Kasumi suggest?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Music Hall]

Marina: Wow~. I feel kind of nervous, having so many high school girls in one small space like this.
Saya: Haha, what are you talking about, Marina-san? We're still waiting on two more bands... I hope they come...
Aya: Sorry we're late! Pastel＊Palettes is here!
Kasumi: Aya-senpai!
Aya: Hi, Kasumi-chan!
Arisa: So... everything was okay with your agency, then?
Chisato: Yes. They understood our desire to perform here. I'm so glad we have the chance to perform with people our same age.
Marina: Now we just need Roselia.
Kasumi: They did say they'd be here, but...
Yukina: I'm sorry. We were rehearsing right up until the last minute. We didn't mean to be late.
Tae: ... Phew.
Lisa: Sorry, guys~. It's true we went a little over in rehearsal, but we did also get lost finding the place. Right, Yukina?
Yukina: ... I can neither confirm nor deny.
Marina: So you must be Roselia! Thanks so much for coming. It looks like we're all here then, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Thank you all for coming here today. You've all been told about the live event already, so I'll try to keep this brief.
Marina: My name is Marina Tsukishima, I work here at CiRCLE. It's great to meet you all.
All: Nice to meet you, too!
Marina: Whoa... I've never had so many people greet me at once...! I like it.
Marina: Oh, this person here also works here at CiRCLE. If you have any questions or anything, be sure to let us know.
Marina: First things first... Let's start with some introductions, shall we? Starting with you, Kasumi-chan.
(Black cut)
Yukina: ... Yukina Minato. Vocalist for Roselia. In this short time I'll be assessing all of your abilities. I hope you show me something good.
Ran: Assessing us...? What do you mean?
Yukina: We do not perform on any stage we feel is beneath us. We have come to see if you all play at the level that we expect.
Tomoe: You mean, if you don't think we're good enough... you're not gonna perform with us?
Sayo: Yes, that's right.
Tomoe: Huh... Interesting. You guys must really be something yourselves then, huh.
Saya: Okay, Tomoe, let's all just calm down...
Saya: We are bands, after all. Why don't we introduce ourselves through our music? Let's play one song each, so we can understand each other best.
(Black cut)
Sayo: Every band thinks they have good skills. To the point where they all end up sounding the same, if anything.
Yukina: That's true. It makes me think perhaps we shouldn't-
Kasumi: We're up! It's time for Poppin'Party to put on a show!!
Yukina: ......
Ako: Wow...! They really look like they're having fun up there! It's like my body wants to dance along all by itself!
Lisa: Yeah, this song is so much fun! I really want to sing along to it!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: So? Did you like our song?!
Sayo: Every band thinks they have good skills, but...
Yukina: You do not meet the level that we expect.
Rimi: But, that means...
Sayo: We always look for the most skilled performers... But we also know it takes more than just skill to make a band.
Yukina: You girls have something, and it's something that we still lack. If only just to find out what that is... it would be worth us performing together.
Rinko: I... I agree. I think it would be wonderful if... we could learn all different things, from all kinds of different bands...
Kasumi: So, wait, that means... you agree to perform at the live event with us, then?
Yukina: Yes. We'll perform.
Kasumi: Yay~! Thank you so much! Hooray, we did it! We got all five bands!
Saya: Great job, Kasumi!
Marina: Whew~. I'm happy to hear it, too~. I just loved all of your performances today! I caught myself dancing along, too. Looking forward to working with you, Roselia!
Kasumi: Oh! I just had a great idea! We should all put on a smaller show together, before the main event! Wouldn't that be awesome?
Arisa: Another absurd idea from the mind of Kasumi...
Kokoro: I love it! It's an extra chance to make even more people smile!
Ran: I agree, too. I'd like to learn more about all of your sounds.
Marina: Sounds great! It'll help us advertise the main event, and give you all a chance to get to know each other better! I'll go ask the owner right away.
Rimi: Ah, Marina-san! ... She's gone.
Tae: A smaller show first, huh. Sounds like fun.
Saya: Hahaha... Sounds like we're all gonna be busy again.
