main015 Chapter 13: In Common

The bands all disagree with each other and decide to stop practicing together. How can Poppin'Party get them back together?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Marina: What?! You guys ended up arguing?!
Saya: We kind of didn't see eye to eye on a few things...
Marina: I guess that's not surprising. You're all in this for different reasons, after all. It's good that you have things you believe strongly in, but…
Kasumi: The Girls Band Party isn't gonna happen at this rate~! Wah~! Arisa~!
Arisa: S-settle down! In any case, we don't have any choice but to try and find a solution to the problem at hand!
Marina: That's true. Even if we mediate for you, it probably won't resolve the fundamental problem here... I don't suppose you have any bright ideas?
Rimi: Find something we all have in common...? Between the five bands?
Saya: But isn't the fact we don't have anything in common part of the reason this all happened in the first place...?
Tae: The thing we have in common is that we want to play music. Even if our reasons are different, that one thing is the same.
Kasumi: We might have other things in common too! If only we knew more about the others...!
Arisa: That makes sense, but... how are we going to find out what those things are?
Marina: Hrm... that's a tough one.
Arisa: Ahh, is this another one of those "we just have to come up with something" moments? ... You mean you've got nothing?
Tae: Ooh, Arisa. You're being yourself again.
Kasumi: You're kinda tough when things get difficult, huh~?
Arisa: Huh?! I-I'm not doing anything special!
Marina: I don't know exactly how to go about it, but I'm sure that you'll be able to get through this if you work together! We'll support you however we can, of course.
Kasumi: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[School Path]

Lisa: Yukina~. Don't you think went a little too far at the meeting yesterday?
Yukina: Our band has its convictions. Just because we are taking part in an event, it doesn't mean we should bend them.
Lisa: I get where you're coming from, but... Kasumi-chan and the other's were pretty shocked when you walked out like that, you know? If we're going to be part of this event, we're gonna have to talk things out.
Yukina: ...
Lisa: Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying you're the only one at fault. Everyone got a bit too excited yesterday. I wonder what we're gonna have to do to get everyone on the same page again... This isn't going to be easy...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Tomoe: We're supposed to be having a group practice session tomorrow for the event... What do you think we should do?
Himari: To be honest, with the way things are, I think we're just going to end up arguing again...
Ran: What are you two looking at me for?
Himari: N-no reason~? Ahaha~! D-don't mind me~.
Tomoe: Himari has a point. We should at least decide on our stance before we do anything else. But having said that, it's not just something we can come up with on the spot...
Himari: That's true... Tomoe, do you think you could text Saya-chan and tell her we can't make it tomorrow?
Tomoe: Yeah, sure thing. And on a different note, Ran~? I hope you're reflecting on what you did yesterday. You're definitely in the wrong for walking out like that, got it?
Ran: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Saya: Okay! Let's pinpoint the features of each band, and try to find any common points between them!
Rimi: Sure!
Saya: Hm? I just got a text from Tomoe... She says they can't make it to the practice session tomorrow...
Kasumi: Lisa-senpai said they aren't coming too...
Rimi: I guess no one can make it...
Tae: I thought we had something good going after our last show...
Kasumi: Oh no, everyone's so divided~
