main008 Chapter 6: Our Music is the Best

Roselia and Afterglow practice together. Will they fight over their musical differences?!

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Ah, {{userName}}-san! Got a minute? How are the event preparations going?
Marina: Yeah? Sounds good! It looks like the bands are starting joint practices already, on Kasumi-chan's recommendation.
Marina: Today we have... Roselia and Afterglow rehearsing together, I think it was.
Marina: They already clashed once the very first time they met... I hope they'll be okay today...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Ran: I keep telling you, there's degrees to this whole merit system of yours.
Yukina: ... And I keep telling you, I'm not saying you are not good performers. I don't know how many times...
Lisa: Ahh~... It's only been 10 minutes and they're fighting...
Moca: They're already on round three by my count~...
Tsugumi: Wh-what should we do~? We have to stop them...
Tomoe: Calm down, both of you. We're supposed to be practicing together today...
Sayo: We're completely calm. If your vocalist would just relax and listen to what we're saying, it wouldn't come to this...
Tomoe: ... So you're saying this is all Ran's fault?
Himari: Uh-oh...
Moca: No way Tomo-chin lets this one go~.
Ran: We have the best sound, no matter what anyone else says. Anyone caught up on "skill" just doesn't understand rock...
Sayo: It all sounds to me like you're jealous you don't have the skill in the first place.
Lisa: Okay okay okay! That's enough! Yukina, Ran, just stop it! You too, Sayo! Tomoe!
Tomoe: ... Sorry.
Lisa: Roselia and Afterglow have completely different goals, it's true. But what good does it do anyone fighting over it?
Ran: Yeah, well, they started-
Lisa: None of that either, thank you! They started it, he said she said, enough!
Lisa: I mean, we haven't even all performed for each other yet. We should at least properly introduce ourselves first!
Sayo: ... She's right. Things would be a lot easier if you just heard us play.
Tomoe: I agree. Music doesn't lie. Let's hear a song, then.
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Amazing...
Himari: Yeah... It really was, just... amazing...
Yukina: Well? How was our performance?
Moca: It was crazy cool~. I got goosebumps. Right, Ran?
Ran: ... It wasn't bad, I guess.
Moca: Let me translate~. She said, "it was incredible! I think I'm going to cry＾!"
Ran: Hey! I did not say that at all.
Lisa: Ahaha~, Ran's not one for showing her feelings then, huh. Just like our Yukina, I guess. We might actually have more in common than we thought.
Yukina: That's... I'm not...
Ako: Sis~! How was my drumming?
Tomoe: It was great, Ako! You've gotten a lot better again, huh? Good job.
Ako: Really?! Hehehe... By the divine melodic power of the musical god that resides within me, it... it was, erm... it was easy!
Tomoe: Hahaha. I'm sure it was. Shirokane-san, is it? Thanks for always hanging out with Ako.
Rinko: ... Ah... I... Umm...
Ako: Rin-rin's always helping me out with stuff! I can count on her for anything and everything!
Tomoe: Is that so? Well aren't you glad you found such great band members, then.
Sayo: ... So that's Udagawa-san's sister.
Tsugumi: O-oh, yeah! They're really close, too. I'm kind of envious, really, being an only child...
Tsugumi: Sometimes I wish I had an older sister like Tomoe-chan.
Sayo: ... I suppose the sibling ideal is to look out for each other, support each other, help each other.
Sayo: (If only Hina and I were more like that...)
Yukina: We are only aiming for the very top. We'll do whatever it takes to-
Ran: How many times have I got to say it? Our music is the best already, bar none.
Moca: What are you getting all angry for, Ran~? You just heard them play, it was cool, right? Let them be them, and us be us.
Ran: ... I suppose...
Lisa: Ahaha. I guess we really are similar after all, huh.
Himari: Do you think?
Lisa: We all take pride in our music being the very best. We won't let anyone else change our minds. Right?
Lisa: I guess it's like a belief, almost? We're all performing music on our own beliefs, aren't we?
Tomoe: That would explain why we keep getting into fights.
Sayo: I suppose it would...
Lisa: People who share that same way of thinking are always going to rub each other up the wrong way.
Lisa: So I think this joint practice is the perfect chance for us to get over all that.
Tsugumi: Yeah... she's right! I already feel like you've all made such an impact on me...!
Ran: They sure are impactful. ... Anyway, we can't keep going on like this only having heard Roselia perform. It's time for us to play.
Tomoe: Okay. Minato-san, I want you to really listen to our performance here. Please?
Yukina: ... Oh I will.
Lisa: Y'know, I think we're all gonna be okay after all! ... With the fighting kept to a minimum, of course.
