main021 Chapter 19: The Last Lyrics

While some band members are handing out flyers, the vocalists work on writing the lyrics for the new song.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE - Outside]

Marina: Everyone says the posters and flyers are looking really cool!
Moca: Come on, you're embarrassing me~.
Ran: You didn't make either of them, Moca.
Moca: Oh yeah? Well how about the fact that actually I did~.
Marina: What? Really?!
Moca: Yeah. Mom said this kinda thing shouldn't be done by an adult~. So she helped me make it myself.
Ran: I didn't know you had it in you, Moca.
Moca: Rude~. You know I'm constantly overflowing with motivation and energy~.
Marina: Spoken like a true professional's daughter... Thank you so much, Moca-chan! You really helped us out~!
Marina: Hina-chan and the others are already out there handing out the flyers. It's a bit of an odd group... I hope they're okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School Path]

Hina: Come and see the Girls Band Party!
Hagumi: You've gotta come see us!!
Kaoru: Why hello, my dear little kitten. Would you like a flyer? Yes, of course you would.
Kaoru: Though heaven knows I would sooner hand you a beautiful bouquet... instead, please take this bundle of leaflets...
Kaoru Fan: Kya~~!! Kaoru-san gave me a stack of flyers!!
Arisa: ... What good does handing that many to one person do...?
Kaoru: Oh my. Why the long face, my dear?
Arisa: I just, erm... I think we should probably be trying to give as many flyers to as many people as we can, so...
Kaoru: I see. I suppose that is one way of looking at it.
Arisa: A-ha-ha... Sigh...
Hagumi: This brings back memories~. I got into Hello, Happy World! after seeing a flyer like this, y'know.
Arisa: Huh, really?
Hagumi: Yeah! Michelle was giving them out downtown. I just had to take one from her, right? And that's where it all started!
Hina: We have our own memories from situations like this, too... Nothing I can really talk about here, though.
Arisa: That was a scary way of putting it...
Hina: Ahaha. Don't worry about it♪ Come on, let's get rid of these things~!
Arisa: Umm...! Like I said, we're not here to just get these flyers off our hands. We're here to spread awareness of our event, where it is, when it is, et cetera.
Hagumi: Ah...!
Kaoru: ... Yes, quite. Indeed.
Arisa: Sigh... Why did I have to be in this group~...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Ran: ... Yeah. Not bad at all.
Kokoro: It's perfect!! We have to play it for the others!
Aya: The song itself is sounding great, but the last lyric just isn't coming together yet...
Kasumi: Hmm~~... Something party-like, and something that shows us we're all one...
Yukina: A "party" is a gathering of many people. "One" is the exact opposite of that.
Kokoro: Is it, though? If everyone is attending the same "one party," don't they start to mean the same?
Kasumi: We'll be in the same arena as the audience. Feeling the same feelings. We just need a word to sum that up... Mmm...
Aya: Hmm... It's difficult...
Ran: Party... and one... and feelings of fun...
All: Hmm...
Kasumi: ... What if we decide the last lyric in the moment?
Yukina: What do you mean?
Kasumi: When we're there, at the show. We can feel the atmosphere and decide from that!
Aya: What?! But what if we don't think of anything...?
Kasumi: Hmm. I guess we'll cross that bridge... Haha~.
Yukina: You guess we'll "cross that bridge"...?
Ran: Feeling the atmosphere... If it comes from a shared feeling between us and the audience, it'll be better than any lyric we could think up here.
Kasumi: Yeah. Don't worry, I'm sure something will come to us! We just have to sing exactly what we feel.
Kokoro: It's not like we can sing about things we don't feel anyway. We don't even know what'll happen on the day, do we? This is getting more exciting by the second!
Aya: Yeah! I mean, it is making me a little more nervous for the show... but I'm sure we'll think of something, too. Now let's go play our new song for the others!
Yukina: We can tell them about the final lyric, then head straight into rehearsals. If we're going to do this, it has to be absolutely perfect.
Ran: Agreed.
Kasumi: All right!! It's decided! Let's gather everyone up back in the studio!
