main041 Chapter 13: A Message of Expectations

Lunch time is here, and Kasumi sends a jubilant message to the others. What does it say...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[A Few Days Later]

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Arisa: Kasumi, let's head to the courtyard.
Kasumi: ... Let's see... "I would like to have a meeting"... "all of you"...
Arisa: What are you doing?
Kasumi: ... Done! And... send!!
Arisa: Oh, you're writing a message? ... Looks like I just got one.
Kasumi: Yep! To everyone who's part of the Girls Band Party!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tsugumi: I would like to have a meeting with all of you before our second Girls Band Party!!
Himari: We're gonna make it the. Best. Event. Ever! With all your help, I know we can!!
Tomoe: Maybe she came up with an idea.
Ran: I don't know about that. I feel like it's times like this when she's not doing much thinking at all.
Moca: I place my bet on the latter~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Lisa: All this enthusiasm Kasumi has... It brings me back to the first Girls Band Party.
Yukina: It's certainly a fitting way of doing things for them.
Lisa: Yukina~, something tells me you're willing to put your trust in her.
Yukina: They've shown they can produce results while sticking to their methods.
Lisa: Yeah, you're right about that.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council]

Rinko: Ichigaya-san... You must be very busy... I read that message.
Arisa: R-right, that!
Rinko: Poppin'Party is a very... proactive group... I think I should be... trying to learn from you all...
Arisa: Really?! Th-thank you.
Rinko: You're welcome...! That's why... I am quite excited... to hear what you all... have to say... at the meeting.
Arisa: Aha, ahaha... We'll do our best to make it worthwhile...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: ... And that's what happened. I think we're gonna be in big trouble if we don't figure out the main points we want to talk about.
Kasumi: Oh no... But I'm so bad at that~.
Saya: We wanna do things in a way that's fitting for us. In other words...
Tae: We put on another performance that shows what it means to have fun! We don't push! We pull!
Kasumi: All done!
Arisa: You better try again!
Rimi: Fufu... I think that might be just enough.
Arisa: Rimi~... Don't join their foolishness.
Saya: Fufu. I'm pretty sure that's what it means for us to do things our way, though.
Kasumi: That's right! Remember? Things don't work out for me when I think too much!
Arisa: Don't say it like you're proud or something! ... Sigh, I guess that's the best we can do...
Rimi: Hm? We got a message from Marina-san.
Marina: You girls have done it again! Sounds like you've all come up with something. I can't wait to hear what it is!
Arisa: ... Maybe we should make cue cards or something...
Kasumi: N-no! Don't worry! It'll be fine! Yeah, no problems here!
