main047 Chapter 19: Sound! The Feeling in Our Hearts

It's finally the day of the show. A fateful performance begins amongst the rising yet positive stress levels.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Day of the Show]

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: It's finally the day...! Yeah, the seats seem to be filling up nicely!
Kanon: Even if these people have quit their bands, I suppose they still like music.
Misaki: Bands aren't the only way to appreciate music after all.
Kanon: Yeah, you're right. And for me... Well, I almost ended up quitting our band and music altogether once, so I know how they feel.
Misaki: Kanon-san...
Kanon: That's why today I want to put on a show that can lift these people up and give them confidence! Misaki-chan, let's do our best!
Misaki: Yes, let's.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Arisa: Hazawa-san, is the stage ready?
Tsugumi: Yeah, we're good to go! I think the people working the line might need some assistance though. Sayo-san should be there; could you go and help her?
Arisa: S-sure!
Hina: Hey, Tsugu-chan, I've got nothing to do~! I'm bored~!
Tsugumi: Y-you've got plenty to do~! Let's do the stage check together, Hina-senpai!
Hina: What? But I just checked it before~.
Tsugumi: Err, Sayo-san, help me...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[30 Minutes Later]

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Lisa: We're going on soon~! Ahh, I'm so nervous!
Chisato: Fufu, but it's the good kind of nervous, right?
Lisa: Maybe? You know, Chisato, it's so impressive how you enjoy your nerves. You're a pro!
Kokoro: When will it start? I'm just itching to get out there!
Hina: Me too! Hey, Tsugu-chan, has it started yet?
Chisato: ... It seems some girls are enjoying their nerves even more than I am.
Lisa: Ahaha... I don't think you can win against those two.
Arisa: The show's about to begin! Roselia, places please!
Ako: Alright! We're gonna paint the stage with the power of darkness!
Rinko: I-I'll do my best...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Yukina: We are Roselia. Let us begin with this song.
(Black cut)
Ran: Afterglow is ready to rock!
(Black cut)
Aya: Hello, everyone! We are Pastel*Palettes! Hope you're all ready to have a great time!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Happy! Lucky! Smile! Hooray!! Hello, Happy World! is about to begin!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: We are Poppin' Party! Let's have fun until the very last moment~!
Kasumi: A concert of all our combined efforts! The audience is coming closer and closer to the stage, I swear they're about to climb up onto it...
Kasumi: I didn't expect that we'd literally pull the audience up onto the stage with our performance!
Kasumi: And also...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Kaoru: How glorious! There's no stopping this encore.
Himari: The crowd is so into it! I can feel its energy from over here! Whoa!
Ran: Shall we get back out there?
Yukina: Yes, we should.
Kokoro: Let's go! We've gotta make them smile even more!
Aya: ... We're still sending them the same message, right?
Kasumi: Yes! The same one we've been showing them from the start!
