main028 Opening 3: Leave a Message

Roselia is asked by Marina to leave a message in the book at CiRCLE, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Café]

Rinko: T-Toyama-san... Ichigaya-san...
Sayo: And {{userName}}-san. Is something the matter?
Arisa: No, uhhh, we were kinda wondering the same thing... It looked like something was bothering you guys.
Sayo: No, nothing significant...
Kasumi: So Roselia's not hanging out together today?
Sayo: Not yet... We have flyers that we were told would be ready by today, so Imai-san and the others are supposed to be picking them up...
Rinko: They said they could pick them up... and then they'd be able to meet with us here, but they haven't come yet...
Arisa: Wonder if something came up. Like maybe they had trouble printing...
Rinko: Trouble...?
Kasumi: Rinko-senpai's looking worried, Arisa~.
Arisa: Ngh...! I'm... sorry, Rinko-senpai...
Sayo: No need to apologize. If they ran into any issues, then we should be helping them solve them. Either way, the fact that they haven't messaged us means-
Lisa: Sayo~, Rinko~!! Sorry we're late!
Rinko: Imai-san...! Yukina-san! Ako-chan!
Sayo: The time we planned to meet has passed. Did something happen?
Lisa: Nuh-uh, not at all. The flyers were just a lot heavier than we thought. Sorry.
Ako: I'm so tired, Rin-rin~...
Rinko: Ako-chan... Thank you all... for carrying those flyers here...
Yukina: Toyama-san, Ichigaya-san, and {{userName}}-san. Quite the crowd.
Kasumi: Yeah, we thought Rinko-senpai and Sayo-senpai were having trouble with something so we came to see what was wrong.
Kasumi: Roselia's flyers are the best. They're always so cool!
Yukina: Is that right? Thank you for the compliment.
Sayo: {{userName}}-san, we were hoping CiRCLE would take these. Would you mind helping me bring them inside?
Kasumi: I'll give you a hand too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Lisa: And... down! Marina-san, is it okay if we place our flyers here?
Marina: Yep, absolutely! That actually helps us too. We run out so quickly with how many we hand out.
Ako: You do?! Eheheh~, it's a good thing we worked so hard to bring them here.
Kasumi: Oh! Hey, Ako, did you know CiRCLE is gathering impressions in this notebook?
Ako: What do you mean?
Tae: People who come can write their thoughts about using CiRCLE or leave a note to record a memory or something like that.
Lisa: "Bands are fun! I love bunnies!" ... This has to be from Tae.
Tae: Yep! Great guess! The impressive Lisa-san strikes again!
Marina: Roselia could write something too, if you girls would like to!
Sayo: About what...?
Lisa: C'mon! You just gotta go with the flow! Let your instincts take over!
Sayo: That doesn't help... But okay...
(Black cut)
Yukina: ... There. Okay, we'll see you all later.
Kasumi: Cool as always, that Roselia~.
Tae: I wonder what they wrote.
Rimi: "At CiRCLE. We look forward to your continued support. - Sayo Hikawa."
Arisa: Man, she's so serious...
Marina: Fufu, that can be a good thing! I hope CiRCLE will be able to keep counting on you girls for help!
Saya: And we'll be looking to you for support as well! Kasumi, we should head out too.
Kasumi: Okay. I'm happy we got to say hi to Marina-san and the others. Tell the owner I said hi too!
Marina: I will! See you later.
Marina: Fufu, it's so nice that they went out of their way to come see us.
Marina: I wonder what Ran-chan and the others are up to. Now that we've been talking about them, I wanna see them.
