main017 Chapter 15: Sharing Is Caring

Poppin'Party finally manages to get all the bands in the studio. What will Kasumi ask of them?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Yukina: Ah, Hanazono-san...! You can't just pull me out like this, I have to get back to- Ah…
Ran: ... Ah.
Chisato: I'm sorry, I have another appointment after- Oh.
Kanon: Chisato-chan...!
Arisa: Okay... I think that's everyone...
Saya: So this is why you dragged us all here.
Kasumi: Yes, this is why!!
(Black cut)
Rimi: U-umm, hello everyone! I'm sorry we called on you out of the blue like this...
Ran: I'm pretty sure I was forced to come, not called on.
Rimi: Ahh... I'm sorry...
Tomoe: Don't scare the girl, Ran. They must have some reason for all this. Mind telling us what it is?
Kasumi: Okay, everyone!! You all brought your instruments, right? We're all gonna try playing for each other again!
Sayo: Excuse me?
Kasumi: I mean, just one song is enough! Please!
Sayo: But...
Lisa: I'm sure Kasumi-chan has a good reason for it. Come on, we might as well give it a go.
Sayo: ... Fine. But once we've all finished performing, I want to hear exactly why you're making us do this.
Kasumi: Of course! Thanks, Lisa-senpai. Come on then everyone, let's play!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: That's everyone finished, then...
Kasumi: Yup. So, Ran-chan! And everyone! What did you all feel just now?
All: Hmm...?
Kasumi: I really really enjoyed it! My heart was racing! Hearing all you guys perform, and feeling our own performance, too...
Hagumi: I thought it was super fun, too!! I just love playing together in a band like this!
Hina: Me too!
Tsugumi: Yeah! I really enjoyed playing today. It's so much fun when we all perform together! Right, Ran-chan?
Ran: I mean... It wasn't terrible, I guess...
Kasumi: Right?! I bet we all felt the same heart-pounding excitement when we play together like this!
Kasumi: We all have our own different sounds. But we all share the same feelings when we perform.
Kasumi: What I mean is, erm...
Tomoe: If we all focus on that same shared feeling, our event is sure to go well... Is that it?
Moca: Whoa...
Tomoe: Haha, I just love ideas like that. Many instruments, one heart. Now that's intense.
Aya: Yeah! If we ever start to lose our thoughts, or stray from our path, we can always come back to this same shared feeling and know it'll all be okay.
Chisato: The stage doesn't just belong to us. It only stands because of the fans that come to see us. It's not enough that we just enjoy ourselves up there...
Chisato: What we need to do is use this event to share this feeling of ours with all the people watching in the audience.
Saya: It would be a shame to keep this amazing feeling all to ourselves, when we could be letting others experience it, too.
Kokoro: Like sharing a smile! I think that's a great idea!
Sayo: We are not here to just share feelings...!
Lisa: Sayo... and Yukina, too. We might well be the most skilled here. But there are still other areas we have a lot to learn about.
Lisa: We don't have to understand the importance of this yet. We'll get there in time, working together.
Yukina: Lisa...
Tae: ... Good. It sounds like we're all on board.
Rimi: Phew...
Kasumi: O-Tae's right, we just all need to work together! Thank you, O-Tae~!!
Arisa: Are you crying already, Kasumi?! At least we're all on the same page, now. Time to look forward, to the main event!
Kasumi: Yeah!! We are gonna make this the greatest show ever~!!
