main055 Chapter 4: Classrooms Announced!

Classrooms are assigned at Hanasakigawa and Haneoka. What are the results?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy]

Misaki: ... Sigh.
Arisa: S-stop worrying about it... I think you did fine...
Hagumi: Yeah, don't worry~! I could totally tell how hard you were trying!
Misaki: You're only saying that 'cause you're my friends. It's no different from what parents do when they see their kid do something.
Kasumi: Hrm? Misaki-chan, what's wrong~?
Hagumi: She's sad about how she spoke in the opening ceremony...
Kasumi: You are~?! But you did great! It really felt like the start of something new!
Arisa: Right? That's what I've been trying to tell you...
Misaki: Nah, all I did was embarrass myself...
Kasumi: Ah, check that out! It looks like the new homeroom classes have been announced. C'mon, Misaki-chan, let's go see! Cheer up, okay?!
Misaki: Sigh~...
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Arisa! Arisa! We're in the same homeroom class! Class A! This is awesome~!
Arisa: Ch-chill out. I can see the homeroom list too, you know...
Saya: You're trying to play it cool, but you're smiling, Arisa~.
Arisa: Mind your own business!
Kasumi: Ah, Saya, you're in Class A too! We're all classmates!
Saya: Fufufu, something tells me this is going to be an eventful year~.
Rimi: Ah! Look, look, O-Tae-chan! We're in Class B! We have the same homeroom class!
Tae: Hey, you're right. We're together! Sweetness~! Ah, Eve's in our class too!
Eve: Rimi-san! Tae-san! Let's have a wonderful school year together!
Kokoro: Misaki~! Hagumi~! We're in the same homeroom class!
Hagumi: Yay~! I'm finally in the same class as you~! And this'll be the first time I'm classmates with Mii-kun too!
Hagumi: This is thanks to all the joyous power I've been saving up!
Misaki: Joyous power...? I remember you saying something about that on New Year's...
Hagumi: I just had to be in the same class as you and Kokoron this year, so I've been praying with all my saved up joyous power that we'd be classmates!
Kokoro: That's it! Your joyous power and Hello, Happy World!'s smile power combined and put us in the same homeroom class!
Kokoro: It was joyous smile power!
Hagumi: Whoa, Kokoron! That's totally what happened! Joyous smile power is the most powerfulest thing ever!
Misaki: Ah... Ahaha...
Misaki: After listening to you guys, I feel silly for worrying so much. Just what is joyous smile power anyway? Ahaha.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy]

Himari: Woohoo~!
Himari: I know! I need to message our friends! Let's see...
Himari: "Afterglow is in the same homeroom class this year too!"
Moca: Ahahaha~, your excitement knows no bounds~.
Himari: You bet it doesn't! I mean, do things like this actually happen?! It's like a miracle!
Tomoe: You know what? I think the teachers felt we'd be less of a hassle if we were all in one place.
Ran: That's pretty likely.
Tsugumi: I'm really glad we're in the same class, though. This is our last year of high school, so I want us to be together as much as we can.
Ako: Sis~!
Tomoe: Oh, Ako! What's up?
Ako: I'm in the same homeroom class as Rokka and Asuka again this year!
Tomoe: Whoa~, no way! That's great! By the way... we're all in the same class too!
Ako: Really?!
LOCK (Rokka): Wow~, Afterglow's amazing. It's like you guys are bound together or something...
Asuka: Ako, Rokka, I hope... we have a great year together in Class 2-A.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
