main045 Chapter 17: A Record of Unique Activities

The scene shifts to Hazawa Coffee. An organizer's meeting is held with a member of each band.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Arisa: ...
Tsugumi: ...
Sayo: We will now begin the manager's meeting for the second Girls Band Party.
Hina: Yay~! Here we go~! Meeting fun with my sis~♪
Sayo: ... Quiet down. Are you certain you can perform the role of liaison for your band?
Hina: I can~! I am the student-council president, you know! Isn't that right, Tsugu-chan?
Tsugumi: Y-yes! That is correct... technically speaking.
Misaki: ... I'll contact Shirasagi-senpai and give her the rundown if anything. I'm sure she'll take care of it.
Arisa: ... Yep.
Tsugumi: We'll get right to business if that's alright. I thought of a schedule for the day of the show. Would you all look over it?
Misaki: She's already got the ball rolling.
Arisa: Wow...
Sayo: Girls, do you mind if we continue?
Arisa: S-sorry! Please do!
Sayo: From what I understand, the joint-band side of things is progressing smoothly. It is our duty to support them. Hina, I'm talking to you too.
Hina: Okay~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Lisa: Alrighty, let's start talking about the kinds of treats we can bring! Did everyone come up with some ideas?
Kaoru: Fufu, but of course. Might we start with my suggestion? For it is the most fleeting of sweets for which I implore.
Himari: Uhhh... "Fleeting donuts"?
Kaoru: Doesn't the emptiness that fills a donut's center strike you as fleeting? A lovingly empty space... That's when I began to ponder: what if, instead, it was that void which we consumed?
Chisato: Yes, I could imagine it'd be easier to eat them if they were the size of the donut hole. It'd take just one bite.
Kaoru: Precisely. I always knew you understood me, Chisato.
Lisa: My goodness. Thanks for that translation, Chisato...
Chisato: Sigh... Just so you all know, this is not why I chose to be in charge of treats...
Saya: Still, donut holes are a pretty good idea. They're not much of a hassle, and they're easy to pick up and eat.
Himari: What if we put them into cups with cute little sticks? They'd look nice enough to take pictures of, too!
Lisa: Ahaha, of course you'd think of that, Himari! Yeah, can't forget about people wanting to take photos. Besides, a picture-perfect scene is all the more exciting.
Chisato: Great, then let us start planning in that direction. That was a wonderful suggestion, Himari-chan. Thank you.
Himari: Ehehe... I have to thank Kaoru-senpai for giving me the idea!
Kaoru: Fufu... You're a sweetheart, Himari-chan.
Saya: Which flavors should we go with? The few I can think of off the top of my head are...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Kasumi: Okay~! Let's get to playing!
Eve: Yes! Please, take it away!!
Ako: Ready to rock!!
Yukina: Remember, Ako. You were nominated. Your performance needs to be impeccable.
Ako: I-it will!!
Eve: Ako-san, you were nominated to be a part of the joint band! I was too!
Ako: Yep! I thought maybe I'd make a good part of the team, so I asked Yukina-san about it, and she said she'd support me.
Ran: Wow, Minato-san. Looking out for the younger students, huh?
Yukina: I've already made myself clear on the matter. If she is going to try, I want to see her very best.
Aya: Fufu. Eve-chan, Ako-chan, let's give it everything we've got!
Kasumi: Huh? Where's Himari-chan?
Ran: The group in charge of treats has a meeting today. I'm guessing they'll come a little later.
Kokoro: So everyone's got a bunch of things to do. As the joint band, we have to make the people in the crowd smile on behalf of all the band members!
Kasumi: Yeah! Let's make the best song ever!
Aya: Yeah!!
Aya: ... Wait! How come no one else cheered?!
Ran: Aya-san, you kinda remind me of Himari.
Aya: Yeah, I get the feeling we're very similar...
Ran: Uh oh. I suddenly have the urge to make fun of someone...!
Aya: N-no~! Stop it~!!
All: Ahahaha!!
