main007 Chapter 5: First Joint Practice

After Poppin'Party puts on a performance for Pastel＊Palettes, what kind of feedback do they get?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Arisa: ... Tch, why is Kasumi always coming up with ridiculous ideas like this? Making us all practice together, it's just a pain... Sigh...
Rimi: I think I'm starting to feel nervous...
Aya: Good morning, everyone! Pastel＊Palettes is here!
Saya: Good morning, Aya-senpai. Great to see you today.
Aya: And you, too! So, where should we start with this joint practice today?
Kasumi: Hmm~... Well we already introduced ourselves last time round, so... I guess we could... have a sweets party?
Arisa: This whole thing was your idea, you know! ... A-ha-ha, I mean... Always with the jokes, Kasumi~...
Tae: Was that really a joke?
Rimi: I didn't even bring any sweets~...
Saya: A-ha-ha... I'm sorry. We're always straying off topic like this...
Chisato: It's fine. It's nice to see you're all so close. Do you think you could give us a performance?
Saya: You mean, us...?
Chisato: Yes. It's not often we get the chance to observe other bands. I'd like to study you.
Rimi: B-being asked by a professional idol like this... I'm starting to get all nervous...
Kasumi: Don't worry yourself, Rimi-rin~! We just need to be ourselves, y'know? Okay! Is everyone ready?
Rimi: Yes... Okay...! I'm ready!
Saya: Then let's put on a show!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Ahh~, that was so much fun!
Arisa: You were going too fast, Kasumi!
Rimi: It's nice to see her so filled with energy, I thought!
Kasumi: You're so sweet, Rimi-rin~.
Eve: That was a really great performance!
Hina: I had the same thought when we got together the other day, but... it's not like you're that good at playing, but for some reason your music is just so fun, you know?
Chisato: What is it you focus on most when you're performing?
Kasumi: Hmm... I don't think I'm really focused on anything...
Kasumi: I just always give it everything I've got!
Arisa: That... is a terrible answer!
Aya: You don't think about things you should be doing to ensure you don't fail?
Kasumi: Mmm... Not really, no. I mean, you can worry about making mistakes all you want, but when it happens it happens, right?
Kasumi: It's okay to make mistakes. That's what rock is all about.
Arisa: What are you even...?
Aya: I become so useless when I'm nervous, it takes all of my energy to make sure I don't make mistakes up on stage...
Aya: But the more I think about not failing, the more nervous I become.
Saya: Performing on professional stages like yours, though, must really raise the bar for what you consider a failure. That's something to be respected, I think.
Tae: Still... I think bands should just play. It'll bring out the most authentic sound of all.
Maya: Yeah... I think that might be something that's missing from our performance right now.
Kasumi: Yeah! We can't all be tsundere like Arisa all the time, it would be boring!
Arisa: I... You... Enough with the snide remarks already! ... A-ha-ha~... I'll remember this, Kasumi...
Rimi: Fufu, Arisa-chan never changes.
Chisato: Fufu. You really are great friends, aren't you. I think it really shows through in the way you play together, too.
Kasumi: We are! If any of us make a mistake, there'll always be someone there to help us out.
Kasumi: When we're playing together, it's almost like we all know what the others are thinking.
Kasumi: Ah~, so that's what Saya's thinking about, and "Arisa's worried about her bonsai trees, huh~," and stuff.
Arisa: I-I don't think about bonsai on stage!
Rimi: You're right, it does feel like we can all understand each other through the music...
Tae: That's right. It helps us each see our own sounds, too. If we can understand each other, and know our own sound... we're not afraid of making mistakes.
Chisato: ... I see. I think I'm starting to understand what it is that we're missing as a band.
Hina: Really? What is it? I wanna know!
Eve: Having no fear of making mistakes! Right?
Aya: We need to work harder to build a better trust between one another.
Maya: If we can do that, we won't be scared to make mistakes, either.
Hina: Hmm, okay, I get it~. So let's all get friendlier, then.
Eve: Group hug! If we all have a big group hug, we'll be closer than ever before!
Aya: C-calm down there, Eve-chan~! Thank you, Poppin'Party. You've helped us realize something important today!
Aya: Since the day we formed the band, we've faced so many challenges... We ended up putting all of our energy into making our performances just go well.
Maya: We've overcome so much together, it's got to have brought us together. We just need to focus on making that bond stronger.
Eve: Yeah! How about we go for a walk somewhere together after practice, then?
Kasumi: Ooh, great idea~! Where should we go?!
Arisa: You're not in Pastel＊Palettes, Kasumi!!
