main066 Chapter 15: Smile♪March

Hello, Happy World! arrives at Campus Street. Kokoro gets an idea...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Campus Street]

Kokoro: Wow! What a beautiful street!
Hagumi: Hey, hey! There was a bronze statue of a penguin in front of the station just now! It was so cute~!
Misaki: This place is-
Kaoru: The street that leads to our colleges. The students call it Campus Street.
Kanon: This street leads to the college I go to, Keiho Women's University. And that street leads to Yotsuba Women's University, the one Kaoru-san goes to.
Kaoru: Fufu, it's the other way around, Kanon. This one leads to Yotsuba, and that one leads to Keiho.
Kanon: Fuee~, I have to remember that soon~.
Kaoru: There is no need to fret. As Shakespeare once said, "Wisely and slow. They stumble that run fast."
Kanon: I see. You're right... Shakespeare said so, after all.
Misaki: I, uh, don't think it's the same kind of situation...
Kokoro: Hey, everyone! I just thought of a great idea!
Hagumi: What is it?! I wanna hear your great idea, Kokoron!
Misaki: I have a really bad feeling about this...
Kokoro: Why don't we march from one end of Campus Street to the other?!
Misaki: M-march...?
Hagumi: Wow~, sounds like fun~! I'm in, I'm in!
Kaoru: Ah~, Kokoro. What a splendid idea. Coincidentally, I, too, have the burning desire to march.
Misaki: H-hang on a second! Why do we have to do that...?
Kokoro: Isn't it obvious? It's because we're-
Kokoro: Hello, Happy World! We march because we're Hello, Happy World!
Misaki: ... You say that like it's some universal truth...
Kanon: Fuee~... There are so many people...
Kokoro: Okay, everyone, ready~? Let's go~!
Kokoro: One, two~! One, two~!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: One, two~! One, two~!
Kokoro: Everyone~, stop!
Kokoro: Mmm~! That was the best~!
Hagumi: It was, it was! I've never been on this street before, so marching here was worth it!
Kaoru: Fufu, the masses watch over us with smiles on their faces. This is what Hello, Happy World!'s activities are all about.
Hagumi: Hmm? Mii-kun and Kano-chan-senpai, are you two okay? Your faces are beet red!
Misaki: This is too embarrassing...
Misaki: I'm in my third year, so why do I have to march...? What's more, I'm the student council president...
Kanon: I think we passed by someone who could be my apartment superintendent...
Kokoro: Somehow, this street is just perfect for marching!
Kokoro: I want to come here again to march!
Hagumi: Me too~! I wanna come too!
Kaoru: That reminds me, Kokoro! There is a new live house called RiNG that has just opened on the other side of the train station.
Kaoru: Why don't we attempt something most fleeting and march towards RiNG next?
Kokoro: Yeah! Alright, let's march all the way to RiNG~!
Misaki: Right now?! Seriously...?!
Kanon: Misaki-chan... There are even more people over there...
Misaki: No, no way...
Misaki: Besides, I have to prepare for something tomorrow, so I shouldn't be doing this...
Kanon: Hmm? What's happening tomorrow?
Misaki: Actually, an exchange student will be coming to Hanasakigawa this year, so the student council has to prepare for that...
Kanon: An exchange student is coming? What are they like?
Misaki: I don't know the details... but I heard they're coming from France.
Kanon: Wow~, I see. You're the student council president now, and an exchange student is coming. It sounds like a lot of new things are coming for Hanasakigawa, too.
Misaki: Hahaha... I guess. It's all coming a bit too fast though...
Kokoro: Misaki and Kanon, you guys are ready, right? Okay, everyone! Be energetic~! Let's start marching towards RiNG~!
Kokoro: Let's go~! One, two~! One, two~!
Kaoru, Hagumi, Kanon & Misaki: One, two! One, two! One, two! One, two!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
???: Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy... I'm here, at last...
???: I can finally meet you-
???: Kokoro... Tsurumaki...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
