main002-1 Opening 2: Let's find some girls bands!

Marina asks Poppin'Party to scout girls bands for the event. What happens when they go to look for Roselia?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: ... So, as it stands right now... We're the only ones performing?
Marina: Ahaha~... That's why I wanted to ask you guys if you'd help me scout some other bands for me. I can't leave the studio, you see...
Saya: Do you have any ideas for who to approach?
Marina: Of course! I've had my eye on a few high school bands, recently. Four, to be exact…
(White cut)
Marina: The first band on my radar is Afterglow.
Marina: They're a group of childhood friends who all started a band together. They're a little rough around the edges, but their powerful performances are getting them noticed.
(White cut)
Marina: Another band would be... Pastel＊Palettes. They were formed by a talent agency, who selected the members to be part of a so-called "idol band."
Marina: But unlike regular idols, they can actually perform their music . They're particularly well-known for having a former child star, Chisato Shirasagi, as a member.
(White cut)
Marina: Then there's a bit of a strange group, Hello, Happy World! The vocalist, Kokoro Tsurumaki, formed the band to "make the whole world smile," she says!
Marina: They play a lot at preschools and children's' hospitals, making them very popular with kids, but the high quality of their music really applies to all ages.
(White cut)
Marina: Then of course there's Roselia, undoubtedly the most widely appealing of them all. Their vocalist, Yukina Minato, is a true professional in every sense of the word!
Marina: They're the talk of the entire music industry right now.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saya: Huh... It sounds like each band really has its own identity. This should be interesting.
Marina: They really do! And that's exactly what we want from this event, to bring together bands of all different styles and have a big party together~.
Marina: And so~... if we really want to make a success of it, I'll need you guys to get out there and secure Roselia for me, but...
Kasumi: Of course, we'll help you!
Arisa: What?! H-hold on a second...!
Tae: It does sound fun. I'd like to meet more bands myself.
Kasumi: Right? Right?!
Marina: The thing is... they are an incredibly talented group, but they're also very stern and serious... They'll never get up onto a stage they don't fully believe in.
Kasumi: Everything's worth a try, Marina-san! We don't know what they'll say until we ask them! Come on O-Tae, let's go talk to Roselia.
Marina: Ah, Kasumi-chan, Tae-chan...! You should probably go with them.
Marina: I saw the Roselia girls nearby just earlier. I'm sure they haven't gone far. If you run, you should catch up to them! Get going, get going!
Arisa: Sigh... There's no way this'll go well.
