main033 Chapter 5: It's Going Well!

The preparations for the concert are proceeding smoothly. What does Arisa feel after seeing that things are going so well?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Kasumi: Now I'm fired up...!! Time to put on the greatest performance ever!!
Misaki: Alright, I guess we can iron out the details over group chat.  Does that mean we're done here for today?
Yukina: I have a suggestion.
Kasumi: What's that?
Yukina: What do you all think of having a mini-concert before the actual event?
Misaki: Kinda like how we did that smaller show before the first one? Something like that?
Yukina: Correct. I believe we should take the time to understand each of our skill levels before the real concert.
Lisa: Ah, it's not like she's trying to say that the rest of you aren't skilled enough or anything like that...
Ran: Lisa-san, you don't have to say that. We know.
Lisa: Ahaha, you do...? That's good.
Tae: I also think having an idea of how far we've come is important. Something worth noting might come up.
Yukina: That's right. If we're going to do this, we should aim to do even better than last time.
Tae: And it'd be nice to see people become interested in bands after watching the mini-concert too.
Kasumi: Yep, I agree! Does that mean we're all okay with having one?
Ran: Yeah, sounds good.
Kokoro: We're on board!! The more fun, the better!
Aya: I like that idea too! We'll ask about that as well when we talk to the agency about the event.
Kasumi: Yay!! Thanks!!
Sayo: Okay then, I shall be arranging the schedule of things to be done in preparation for the event.
Sayo: It'd be helpful if each band could decide on one person for me to keep in contact with.
Kasumi: Arisa, you're up!
Arisa: Excuse me?! ... Whatever, that's fine.
Marina: I'm glad to see everyone's so enthusiastic about participating! Thank you!
Marina: I'm sure this will make for a performance that can give the encouragement we're aiming for.
Marina: I have to do everything I can to help too...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: Alright, I think that should be enough practice for today. I brought some pastries and stuff. You guys should have some.
Rimi: Yay~! Thank you, Saya-chan.
Arisa: Make sure to clean up first.
Rimi: Okay~!
(Black cut)
Arisa: ... It's kinda scary how well things are going, isn't it?
Kasumi: What do you mean?
Arisa: Since the day we decided on the mini-concert, everything's been going so smoothly, like choosing a date, figuring out the order we would perform...
Arisa: And Pastel＊Palettes was able to get permission to participate way faster than the last time they asked.
Arisa: It just... just seems so unreal when you think about how difficult things were last year.
Saya: Ahaha, I guess so. Not to mention all that arguing that happened.
Arisa: We didn't even know who would be willing to take part in the first place. Kasumi dragged us around begging the others to agree to the concert.
Kasumi: Ehehe~, thanks, Arisa! You know though, things wouldn't be the way they are now if we didn't fight so hard to bring everyone on board!
Arisa: Well... Yeah, I suppose.
Rimi: I can't wait for this performance. We might even find other bands who are willing to be a part of the second Girls Band Party.
Tae: Yep, I think we will.
Saya: And that's why we need the mini-concert to go well!
Kasumi: No worries! I'm sure it will! Think about it! The five bands are so much closer than they used to be!
Kasumi: Alrighty~!! Let's give it everything we've got! Arisa, is it okay if we practice for a little longer?
Arisa: ... I figured you'd say that. I'll go tell my grandma.
Saya: Fufu! Everyone's getting so worked up.
Tae: Yep! We're on fire! Rimi, you can eat this chocolate cornet. It'll be the fuel to your flames.
Rimi: Fufu, thank you, O-Tae-chan.
