main058 Chapter 7: After Orientation

Hina and the girls gather at the university cafeteria...

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Keiho Women's University - Cafeteria]

Hina: Sis and Kanon-chan are taking forever~. I wonder what the hold up is.
Maya: Maybe the information sessions they went to earlier today are running late. I'm sure they'll be here soon, so let's just wait a little longer.
Maya: Hrm...? Ah, Uehara-san sent a message in the group chat...
Maya: Oh wow, Afterglow's in the same homeroom class this year too!
Hina: Reeeally?! I bet they thought that was super boppin'~♪ Ahaha.
Maya: Ah, Aya-san already sent a reply. She said, "That's wonderful! I'm so happy for you guys~!"
Hina: I'm gonna send something too~! I'll write...
Kanon: Hina-chan~! Maya-chan~!
Hina: Ah, they're here! Sis~, Kanon-chan~, over here~!
Kanon: Sorry I'm late.
Kanon: I thought I was heading to the cafeteria, but somehow, I ended up at the library...
Maya: The library...? That's in the opposite direction of the cafeteria.
Kanon: If I hadn't run into Sayo-chan, I never would've made it here...
Hina: You're always getting lost, aren't you?
Hina: Say, why is that anyway? Don't you remember how to go somewhere after you've been there once?
Sayo: Hina, don't be so rude. Matsubara-san, please forgive her. She isn't trying to be mean...
Maya: Ahaha... Colleges sure are big though, aren't they? I still can't remember where everything is.
Sayo: Many of the buildings look similar. It may be wise to give yourself ample time when moving around the school until you are more familiar with it.
Hina: Then, we should explore after lunch! We can check out the campus together!
Hina: That way, we'll remember where everything is.
Maya: Hey, that's a great idea! I really want to know my way around before classes start.
Kanon: That would help me a lot~. Plus, I think going around the college together would be fun.
Hina: Sis... are you busy after lunch?
Sayo: I have band practice in the evening, but I can accompany you until then.
Hina: Sweet~! We better grab lunch right away, then~!
Sayo: Fufu... Honestly, now, people here will not be too pleased if you speak so loudly.
Maya: Hrm? Someone sent another message...? Ah, Hina-san, look! Aya-san sent a picture.
Hina: Check it out~! It's all the girls going to Yotsuba Women's University~!
Sayo: It appears they are having lunch now as well.
Hina: Alrighty, we're gonna take a picture too! We can't have the Yotsuba girls one-upping us!
Kanon: Um, what are we competing for...?
Maya: Your guess is as good as mine...
Hina: So, let's go buy our meal tickets already! Vrrrmmm~!
Sayo: Hina, wait! Don't run! You're not the only one in here!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
