main048 Chapter 20: Music Is Fun

Kasumi and the others take the stage once again to deliver a special song in response to the undying encore.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Mashiro Kurata)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Kasumi: Thank you for calling us back up!
Aya: For our encore, all of us will perform a song that we made together!
Kokoro: We made this song by combining all the things we think are fun. It's super wonderful!
Kasumi: Here we go! This is TWiNKLE CiRCLE!
Ran: (Music is a connecting sky. No matter how vast it is, we can continue being our "same as always," as long as we have music).
Aya: (Music is a sparkling dream! When we stand under the stage lights, we sparkle even more! I hope that one day, this dream reaches someone new.)
Kokoro: Music is a magic spell that makes everyone smile! If you have music, you'll never be alone! I will be with you! Everyone will be with you!
Yukina: (Music is light. Sometimes, its brightness can blind you. However, the brighter the music, the darker the shadows. Our pride is thus... pronounced and vividly outlined).
Kasumi: (Music is me. A version of me through which I can share all of my feelings! As long as everyone else and I are here, new songs will continue to be born! I love music!)
All: (That's why...)
All: Music is fun!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[After the Performance]

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Marina: Good work, everybody!
Marina: You were all so amazing! Especially the joint performance at the end!
Marina: Your message was so clear, and I... It really got to me. Uh oh, here come the tears...!
Himari: Same~! Waaah, I'm so glad it all worked out...
Hina: Ahaha! Aya-chan and Himari-chan are crying~!
Sayo: Hina, don't tease people like that!
Kaoru: Heh... But I truly believe it was an outstanding concert. I imagine that all those who came to watch us have once again taken an interest in the world of bands.
Arisa: Well, it was the best way we could get them interested, wasn't it?
Kasumi: Waaah...! Arisaaa~!
Arisa: Cut it out! Don't hug me!
Mashiro: E-excuse me!
Kasumi: Mashiro-chan! You came to watch us? Thank you!
Mashiro: Y-yes! Um... Your concert was very good...
Mashiro: In the last song... Um... You used the words I wrote in that notebook... And, well...!
Kasumi: I see. So some of your words were in our song? Did we get them across how you wanted?
Mashiro: ...Ngh...! Sniff...
Ran: Kasumi, you made a younger student cry.
Kasumi: What?! I-I didn't mean to~! M-Mashiro-chan... I'm sorry. Are you okay?
Toko: I'm so sorry about her. She's really fragile. Oh, I watched the show with her!
Toko: Those last few lines were totally moving! They made us think... Didn't they, Kurata?!
Mashiro: Um... We were thinking... maybe... we could give our band another try...
Kasumi: ...! Really? Do you really mean it?
Mashiro: One day, we would like... to stand on this stage!
Kasumi: ...Ngh...!
Toko: Kurata, you made your senpai cry! Ahaha! I'm so sorry! But it's really funny!
Ran: Looks like there are some interesting new lowerclassmen around.
Moca: Don't you just wanna take them under your wing~?
Kasumi: You absolutely have to do a concert with all of us next time! We'll be waiting!
Mashiro: Okay...!
Marina: I guess this means that CiRCLE is becoming a place where kids aspire to play, just like SPACE... Ohhh, this is making me emotional.
Lisa: Marina-san, it's still too early to finish this event. Let's have an after-party!
Marina: Fufu... You're right! Okay everyone, grab a glass! Kasumi-chan, could you lead the toast?
Tomoe: Oh, I think I'm getting déjà vu.
Kasumi: Alright then, cheers, everyone...!
All: Cheers!
Tae: That was all over the place. But I liked it.
Kasumi: Ahaha! Me too!
Kasumi: Being all over the place is what makes us who we are. Let's keep this feeling and treasure it forever!
