main035 Chapter 7: Let the Scouting Begin!

After the successful mini-concert, Marina comes up with an idea.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[A Few Days Later]

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kasumi: Hey, Marina-san~!
Arisa: ... Jeez, what is with all these people?
Marina: Ah, Kasumi-chan! Hey, girls! Thanks for coming! Give me a second!
Kasumi: She looks really busy...
Saya: Maybe we should help her out with something.
Kasumi: I think so too. 'Kay, let's give her a hand! Marina-san~, we're gonna help~!!
(Black cut)
Marina: Phew~... Sorry you all had to jump in.  That was really helpful, though.
Saya: CiRCLE's getting a lot of business, huh?
Marina: Yeah, we are. A bunch of groups came after seeing the mini-concert and said they were interested in starting a band.
Tae: Great. It's nice to hear they're thinking about that.
Marina: Yeah, and it's thanks to you all! Check out the notebook!
Saya: This is... that notebook that was in the studio, right?
Rimi: The one where anyone could write their thoughts about CiRCLE?
Marina: That's the one! We've been getting a whole lot of notes in here during the past few days!
Kasumi: I wonder what everyone's been writing.
Tae: "At CiRCLE. We look forward to your continued support. - Sayo Hikawa."
Rimi: That's... the one that Hikawa-senpai wrote the other day.
Arisa: "Today is my first day rehearsing! I was nervous, but I had such a good time!"
Saya: "I'd love to be part of a band. Would anyone out there like to form one?"
Kasumi: "The performance was great! I hope I can play on CiRCLE's stage one day too."
Kasumi: Wow...! Some girls are interested in starting a band, some have just started playing an instrument... And look how many there are...!
Marina: Well, that's exactly what you'd expect during the age of the girl bands. Looks like the show you girls put on was the push they needed.
Arisa: That's pretty crazy...
Saya: It's still hard to believe...
Kasumi: I'd love to meet the girls who just started their own bands... I wonder what they're like.
Tae: It'd be nice to play alongside them someday.
Arisa: All we need is for that chance to come along, right?
Kasumi: Ah...! I just thought of something!
Arisa: Doesn't take a rocket scientist to know what Kasumi's thinking. I know what you're about to say.
Tae: Amazing, Arisa.
Kasumi: What if we ask the bands that were formed after seeing the mini-concert to take part in the Girls Band Party?!
Saya: Ooo. Kasumi would be the one to think of something like that.
Arisa: ... You said it.
Rimi: Fufu, but I think it's a very good idea.
Kasumi: Right?! I bet that would be a lot of fun! What do you think, Marina-san?
Marina: Fufu... Actually, I came up with the same exact idea, Kasumi-chan.
Saya: And let me guess. The reason you called us here today was to tell us about that?
Marina: Mhm, you got it. I wanted to ask you girls to go talk to some bands like you did the last time.
Kasumi: We'll do it! Let's make it happen, guys!
Tae: Yeah, for sure!
Marina: Thank you! I knew I could count on you! I already have a few bands in mind. Let me get you those documents and you can start there.
Saya: Alright, we'll look over them and hit as many spots as we can. How does that sound?
Kasumi: Yeah, let's do it! I can't wait to see these bands...
