main013 Chapter 11: Such a diverse party!

After the short live show, all band members are happy about their performances. What will they do next?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Lisa: Hey guys~♪ Great job today!
Kanon: Eek! U-um... you too...
Lisa: You were so cool on the drums, Kanon! I got so pumped just listening to you!
Kanon: Th-thank you!
Chisato: Seeing Kanon perform properly alongside such a unique collection of people makes her look so mature and dependable.
Lisa: Ahaha, I totally know what you mean~!
Kaoru: Aoba-san, was it? Your prowess on the guitar was lovely. So fleeting...
Moca: Really? Yay~. That's great.
Michelle: She can practically ignore Kaoru-san. This is amazing...
Moca: Seriously? Yay~.
Himari: I'm pretty sure Moca just isn't paying attention...
Saya: I honestly didn't know how things were going to turn out when we first met up, but it feels like we're all friends now. I'm really glad.
Rimi: Yeah! I'm so happy the shows went well.
Kasumi: I still wanna keep playing~!!
Hina: Me too!! I think this is the first time I've done something in such a big group like this! Other people are just so much fun!
Kokoro: I'm still overflowing with energy too! Mmm~! I feel like I could do ten laps of the downtown area!
Arisa: ... I'm calling it right now. Those three are trouble.
Tae: There's something similar about them, but...
Eve: The outfit everyone in Roselia wears... It has so many layers! Is it dark black so that you can hide in the darkness?!
Rinko: U-umm... I don't think that's... the reason...
Hagumi: Ooh~! Hide in the darkness! That's kinda cool~! I think I've heard stuff like that in movies before!
Rinko: ... U-uhh... th-that's not why we...
Tae: Those three are completely different.
Saya: Yeah. But even then, we all played our music on the same stage. Kind of a wonder, isn't it?
Rimi: Now that you mention it, I guess it is kind of amazing.
Tae: I like it, though. So many different people, and so many different types of music... It's like a big party.
Kasumi: That's it, O-Tae! That's it!!
Arisa: Whoa!! Could you not appear out of nowhere like that?!
Kasumi: Let's have a party with everyone!
Rimi: A-a party...?
Saya: Looks like Kasumi is up to something again, huh?
Kasumi: After playing on stage today, I kinda felt that calling it a group performance or something like that is just too stuffy. Like, it should be more lively and colorful, you know?
Kasumi: Party! This is the perfect word for what we should do!
Arisa: I guess I can understand what Kasumi is trying to say.
Kasumi: Right? Right?! So let's make the next event more colorful and exciting like a party!
Rimi: But what can we do to make it into a party like that?
Kasumi: We can think about that later! Let's just enjoy the moment for now!
Arisa: You're not even using your brain, are you?!
Saya: Ahaha. But it's not like we get to do this every day, so I'd like to talk to the others more. There's some people I didn't even get to meet during the practice session.
Arisa: I just wanna go home...
Saya: Fufu. You're shy around new people, huh? Okay, let's go around and say hi to everyone together then.
Arisa: Ugh, lemme go~!!
Rimi: Um, can I go with you too...?
Saya: Of course! Kasumi and O-Tae...
Tae: You have beautiful hands.
Sayo: Huh?! Wh-what are you doing...?
Kasumi: Party! Party~!
Hina: Yay~!
Saya: ... I think those two will be just fine. Okay, let's go enjoy the party!
