main022 Chapter 20: Come Together

The girls are all pleased with their collaborative song. The costumes are ready and practice is underway, but will everything go according to plan?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Eve: Wow, what a wonderful song~~!! I felt so excited listening to it.
Kanon: Yes, it really is a fun song~! I'm sure the audience is going to love it!
Saya: ... And thinking up the final lyric on the day? That is such a Kasumi idea.
Kasumi: Hehehe~, you flatter me~.
Arisa: Not a compliment!
Maya: I was all bursting with excitement just listening! I really wanna start rehearsing already!
Kasumi: We'll have to make a single big band to play this last song...
Kasumi: Isn't that amazing? Like a band made of bands, all performing together! I can't wait~!
Saya: Right? We'll need to choose who plays from each band, though. First of all, all five vocalists can sing together...
Saya: Then Ran and Kasumi on guitar, with Hagumi on bass. Maya-san can take the drums, and Tsugumi can be on keyboard.
Hagumi, Maya & Tsugumi: Okay! Let's do it!
Aya: Maya-chan, you'll be the oldest in the band, after the vocalists! Do your best!
Maya: What?! Y-you're right...! Oh man, that's a lot of pressure...!
Aya: You'll be fine! We'll be here to support you!
Kasumi: All right!! We don't have much time left before the show, so let's all come together and give it all we've got!
All: Yeah!
Himari: By the way, Lisa-san. Are the t-shirts ready yet?
Lisa: They are! I brought them with me today, since we're all gathered together. Tada~☆ Our very own uniform t-shirts!
Hagumi: Wow~, they're so cool! So cute!
Hina: I like it~♪ Can I try it on?
Lisa: Of course!
(Black cut)
Hina: Tada! Well? How do I look? I asked Lisa-chi to lend me some hot pants, too♪
Sayo: Hina... Just calm down.
Hina: Says Sayo, already wearing the t-shirt herself.
Kasumi: You two look even more similar than usual, wearing matching outfits like that~.
Hina: Hehehe, we do, don't we♪
Tae: It really does complete the look, wearing a uniform like this.
Rimi: It does, it does. It reminds me that we really do all share the same feeling.
Ako: Aren't you glad we made the t-shirts, Rin-rin?!
Rinko: Yes... I am...
Sayo: ... Do you still have some time after this? I'd like to go over our plan for the day of the event.
Chisato: Good idea. But I'm sure we all have our own band practices to get to, too. Let's call it there for now and split off into our groups.
Marina: Good work today, everyone~! How's it going? All getting along?
Sayo: Oh, Tsukishima-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. We were just about to go over our schedule for the show. Do you think you two could help us out?
Marina: O-of course~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School Path]

Lisa: Now that the t-shirts are finally complete, I guess our outfit team has done its job. Good work, everyone.
Eve: I suppose so. I'm still nervous about the show, but I think I'm just as excited for it now, too.
Himari: Hmm? It's from Tsugu! She says group rehearsals are going well. Look, she even sent a picture!
Eve: Wow...! They look like they're having lots of fun~! Look at them all smiling.
Lisa: Yukina's even joined the photo, too... That's really moved me just now...
Rinko: I'm so glad...
Himari: Ran's right there too! I'm glad to see it's all worked out~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kanon: Umm... I think that's all of the band drinks finished.
Moca: They all look so good~.
Saya: You already tasted them all.
Moca: Hehehe~, busted.
Saya: Now to just take a picture... And send it to the group chat♪ I can't wait to see what they all think~.
Kanon: ... I was really nervous at first about spending time with people outside of the band. I didn't think I had anything to offer...
Kanon: But once I started, I realized it's actually very fun... I know I should be setting a better example, as an older student, but...
Saya: That's not true at all! This is all new for us, too. We haven't hung out with people outside of Poppin'Party for some time, now.
Moca: Us too~. I haven't been this long apart from Ran for the other since maybe forever.
Kanon: It's a new experience for us all, then. It makes me feel glad I joined a band.
Moca: It's too early to be pensive yet, Kanon-senpai~. Let's look back on it all once it's over, yeah~?
Kanon: Y-you're right! We still have the event to come... This is no time to be losing focus...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Aya: ... We're almost out of studio time. What should we do?
Ran: I'm gonna stay behind and keep practicing.
Yukina: I will too.
Tsugumi: M-me too!
Aya: Okay! Let's keep this rehearsal going, then! I'll go up and ask for more time!
Kasumi: (Our single shared feeling... We worked so hard to understand it, to hold on to it, but now... it's just coming to us all so naturally...!)
Kasumi: Hehehe.
Ran: ...? Something wrong?
Kasumi: Oh, no! Nothing at all.
