main044 Chapter 16: Emotion-Filled Notebook

In the heat of things, Kasumi ends up making a promise she may not be able to keep. She turns to the other bands for help.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato)

[A Few Days Later]

[Studio]

Kasumi: ... I told her we'd do something amazing.
Ran: There it is...
Yukina: While that aspect of your character can be a strength, Toyama-san, it is sometimes a weakness.
Kasumi: Ngh, I'm sorry...
Kokoro: So there's gonna be something amazing at the next concert! I can't wait!
Aya: Wh-what do you mean 'wait'?! We're the ones who have to do the thing! Wh-what are we gonna do...?!
Kokoro: Why are you so worried, Aya? Doesn't it get your blood pumping just thinking about how to make everyone smile?
Aya: But still~! How can we make sure we do something that's amazing? We still haven't even figured out the whole "don't push, pull" thing~!
Ran: Well, the fact that we've been called here kinda gives away what Kasumi wants to do.
Kasumi: Ehehe~, doesn't it?
Aya: Us five... Oh! I know... I think.
Kokoro: Are we gonna make another song? Great idea, Kasumi!
Yukina: A new song is fine, but I don't believe there's much of a point in writing one just because we want to do 'something amazing'.
Ran: Yeah, even if we could come up with something, I don't imagine it would come together very well.
Aya: And that's where "don't push, pull" comes in. If we filled a song with that feeling, I think it'd be pretty good.
Kasumi: We want people to know that being in a band is fun.
Ran: That when you have friends to help you through your struggles, then no matter what happens, you can look back, laugh, and think about how much of a good time you had.
Aya: That the tough and painful memories are part of what makes being in a band enjoyable.
Kasumi: ... We can turn those ideas into lyrics!
Ran: I mean, I get it, but still...
Kokoro: I don't.
Yukina: There's a lot of meaning that comes with saying being in a band is fun.
Yukina: ... Not many phrases go quite as deep.
Kasumi: I want to include those painful moments as well. Those moments of struggle. I don't want this to be only about our feelings. I want it to be about what many different people feel.
Kasumi: So we'll take what fun means to lots of people, turn that into lyrics, bring it all together, get our message across as a group, and... Hmmm...
Kasumi: Ah...
Ran: Kasumi?
Kasumi: Ahhh!! I got it! I think I got it!!
Aya: Whoa! Kasumi-chan, where are you going?!
Ran: ... Maybe thinking of possible lyrics was so hard it broke her brain.
Kasumi: Guys, look at this!
Kokoro: What is it?
Kasumi: The CiRCLE notebook!! It's where people can write what they feel whenever they come here!
Aya: Today was our first rehearsal ever! Definitely tough, but a lot of fun! "We listened to a recording of us playing... We were so bad! OMG, so embarrassing..."
Ran: I had a great time at the concert. I hope we can play at CiRCLE too one day! See you all there~!
Yukina: We didn't sound so good today, but... practice makes perfect! "I finally got that part I was so bad at! Thank you to everyone in this notebook who showed their support!"
Kokoro: Just reading this notebook puts me in a good mood. It's like one of the picture books I love so much!
Kasumi: Right? That's why I was thinking we can take the words from this book and transform them into lyrics.
Ran: Hm. Yeah, that's a good idea.
Kasumi: If we can get everyone's thoughts and feelings and put them into the song, we'll get them to feel that enjoyment that comes from being in a band again!
Kasumi: And some of them will give it another shot! I'm sure...!
Kokoro: Kasumi, I was wondering something...
Kasumi: What is it?
Kokoro: Why are the five of us part of a band? What is it that got us to start one in the first place?
Kasumi: Huh?! You're asking that now?! I-I'm pretty sure the answer is different for every band...
Kokoro: I do this because I want to make the world smile. The more and more I think about it, though... It's because I like music.
Kokoro: Isn't that true for all of us? We find being in a band fun because we love music.
Yukina: What we need to communicate is our sentiment toward music... I may finally be able to convey that at this stage.
Kokoro: Right! If we can get them to understand how much we love music and how fun it is, then they'll see how great being in a band is!
Aya: Yeah! That's so important, and I think we might have forgotten about that while we were focusing so much on pulling those who want to start a band forward.
Ran: We put everything we have into the things we can do. We should have realized that some people wouldn't be able to follow our lead with us just doing things our way.
Kasumi: Thanks, Kokoron! My mind is all cleared now! I bet love for music is bursting out of this notebook too.
Ran: Now we know what we're working with. Yeah, I think this is good. We can take our passion and their passion... that passion for music... and bring those together to create something great.
Kasumi: Here we go~! Okay, guys! Let's make this song a good one!!
