main016 Chapter 14: Won't Give Up

With the joint band practice done for, Kasumi is feeling down. What will she do?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Rimi: We were supposed to have a group practice session today...
Saya: I guess none of the others are going to be joining us...
Tae: ...
Saya: Come on, guys! Everyone else is still probably practicing with their own bands! We should be doing the same... you know?
Arisa: That's true. We'll really be screwed if we let ourselves lose momentum here. Right, Kasumi?
Kasumi: Yeah...
(Black cut)
Rimi: Kasumi-chan seems kind of down...
Saya: Why don't we take a little break?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Saya: Kasumi~. You okay?
Kasumi: ...
Arisa: Whoa, seriously, are you okay?
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, try not to think about it too much...
Kasumi: Nrgh~!!! It's no good~!! I can't come up with a single thing that any of the bands have in common!!
Kasumi: Everyone's apart on practice day, maybe we just don't have anything in common...
Arisa: *sigh*... And here we were worried that you're depressed or something... Hey! We're still practicing, you know? Focus!
Kasumi: But~!! At this rate, the event isn't gonna happen...
Saya: I've got the feeling none of the bands are going to be willing to compromise...
Tae: Is compromise really necessary...?
Rimi: Huh...?
Tae: Marina-san said we should find something we all have in common, but I don't think it has to be something we compromise on.
Tae: The first time we all got together and heard each other play... there were so many different kinds of music, not a single thing was the same, and it was really fun.
Tae: I like the music every band played. I think that's because each band is strong at the core.
Arisa: Well, I suppose I get what O-Tae is saying. Even for us, it probably wouldn't be easy to just give up something if someone told us to.
Saya: Hrm~... We want to make it an event that shows why each band is special. We don't want to take anything away from anyone, but because of that, we can't agree on anything... This just keeps going around in circles~.
Kasumi: Argh~ I have no idea what to do~! I'm not good at using my head like this... Ah, that's it!!
Saya: ... I have a seriously bad feeling about this.
Kasumi: I'm not gonna use my head!!
Tae, Rimi, Saya & Arisa: Huh? What?!
Kasumi: I mean, it's not like thinking about it is gonna help! Which means we just have to take action!
Rimi: What exactly are you going to do?
Kasumi: Umm, well... uh... erm...
Arisa: I knew we were gonna end up here.
Saya: I think it's a really nice Kasumi-kind-of answer though.
Kasumi: Ehehe, right? So umm, we just have to... you know?
Tae: Play.
Kasumi: Th-that's right! Let's just play!! ... Wait, what?!
Tae: Let's perform one more time. Let's remember the things we felt when we heard everyone play.
Rimi: Oh...! We just need to go back to what we felt that day.
Arisa: So how are we gonna get everyone to come to the studio?
Kasumi: There's only one way to do it at a time like this!
Kasumi & Tae: We drag them here!
