main031 Chapter 3: A Favor from Marina

The girls gather at CiRCLE per Marina's request. Why did she ask them to come over?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai)

[A Few Days Later]

[Riverside]

Tae: Time for CiRCLE's first-ever rabbit party!
Kasumi: A rabbit party...? What's that like?
Arisa: What in the world are you talking about?
Saya: We were trying to figure out why Marina-san wants to talk to us.
Rimi: The fact that she reached out to all of us in a group chat could mean that CiRCLE is having trouble with something.
Arisa: I mean, yeah, but I'm guessing it has nothing to do with a 'rabbit party'...
Tae: You really don't think so?
Arisa: Don't give me those puppy-dog eyes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Customer A: Excuse me. We're all done with studio A.
Marina: Okay! Thank you! Would you like to make another reservation?
Haneoka Student A: Hi there~. I'd like to borrow some equipment...
Marina: No problem! Could you indicate what you need in this book while you wait?
Marina: {{userName}}-san. Thanks for coming to help! It makes a huge difference having you here.
Marina: Okay, can you deal with the equipment request? I'll help the customers with reserving studios.
(Black cut)
Marina: Phew~... Things have finally slowed down a bit. Gotta say, it's nice to have so much business!
Marina: Remember when you first started here? All that complaining I did about not having enough customers? And yet, here we are.
Marina: At this rate... Yeah! I think we can pull it off!
Kasumi: Marina-san! Hey!
Marina: Kasumi-chan! Your whole band is here! Thanks for coming!
Arisa: Ah, Ran-chan.
Ran: Poppin'Party. Marina-san, Afterglow's here too.
Marina: Oh! One right after the other! I appreciate that! Could I have you guys go to the performance area and wait for me there?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Kasumi: What do you think she wants to talk to us about, Ran-chan?
Ran: No idea... Wouldn't it be about wanting us to hold a concert?
Tae: It might be a rabbit party, no?
Ran: A 'rabbit' party...?
Lisa: Hey hey~! Look at you early birds!
Moca: Oh~, Roselia's here~.
Kokoro: So are we!
Saya: It's almost like everyone came together.
Arisa: Pastel＊Palettes is the only band that hasn't shown up, right?
Eve: Good morning!
Tae: Looks like they're here. But it's only Eve and Aya-senpai.
Aya: The others had busy schedules. We actually have something we have to do right after this as well.
Arisa: Man, being an idol is tough...
Marina: Oh, looks like everyone's here! Thanks for taking the time to come!
Kasumi: So what did you wanna talk to us about, Marina-san?
Marina: Right. So, I have a favor to ask you all.
