main056 Chapter 5: Stairway to Adulthood

Afterglow meets at a restaurant and talks about how their lives have changed.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Restaurant]

Himari: Mmm~, this is sooo good! Spring is all about these seasonal strawberry-filled parfaits♪
Ran: Sigh... You called us here for an "urgent meeting," so I thought this was about something serious...
Tomoe: Ahaha! For Himari, eating this parfait is plenty urgent.
Himari: That's right! We just have to eat one of these together! It's only around for a short time, so we've got to grab it while we can♪
Ran: But it seems like it'll be available for another month...
Himari: I said I was sorry, didn't I~? By the way, Tomoe, are you okay to be here? I thought you'd be working since you just got a new part-time job.
Tomoe: Nah, it's cool. Galaxy Ramen's closed today, anyway.
Himari: I can't believe the day's come when you're really working with Masuki~.
Ran: If someone had said this would happen a year ago, I guarantee you none of us would've believed it.
Tomoe: You're probably right about that. But it's a really chill spot. And, man, the food she whips up for the staff is crazy good~!
Himari: Lucky you~. Maybe I'll try a new part-time job soon too~.
Himari: You know how I've been going to cram school since last month, right? I've been spending so much time there that I haven't been able to work at all~.
Tomoe: You're going to the same cram school as Rimi, right?
Himari: Yeah! They give out new assignments every time I go. It's so much work~.
Tsugumi: Sorry we're late, guys!
Himari: Ah! Tsugu~, hey~! And Moca's with you too!
Moca: Hii-chan, what's the big emergency~? If we're meeting here, then that must mean you want to eat parfaits, right~?
Himari: What? How'd you know?!
Moca: Because you're so predictable~.
Tomoe: Tsugu, did you have student council stuff today too?
Tsugumi: Yep! We're busy with things like prepping for the next student assembly... It's the start of the new school year, so there's a lot to do.
Moca: She's so busy she even needs my help~.
Tomoe: You've been hanging out in the student council room lately, haven't ya?
Moca: You know a Moca doesn't turn her back on someone in need~.
Tsugumi: Ah! We do have new council members, but they're still getting used to things, so Moca-chan's been lending a hand...
Ran: That reminds me, didn't Rokka join the student council too?
Tsugumi: Yeah! She's been working really hard as our secretary!
Moca: Wow~, already grooming your replacement, eh? You don't miss a thing~.
Tsugumi: G-grooming my replacement? It's not like that.
Himari: And we just have to talk about how amazing yesterday's-
Tomoe: Greeting from our very own student council president was!
Moca: True. That speech will be talked about for generations to come~. Even Ran was bawling her little eyes out.
Ran: Moca... stop making stuff up like that. But you really did make a great speech, Tsugumi.
Tsugumi: Thanks. I only did well because you all helped me practice.
Himari: Heheh~, it was our pleasure! If you're ever in a tight spot, remember Moca's not the only one you can call on for help!
Tsugumi: But you seem so busy with cram school...
Himari: If it's for you, I'll find a way around that~.
Himari: Anyhow! Let me help you when I can! I am Afterglow's leader, after all!
Tomoe: And not just Himari, we're all here for you!
Tsugumi: Fufu, okay. I'll let you know when I need some help.
Himari: Well, since we're all here, let's eat some par-
Ran: Ah, just so you know, I have flower arrangement training tonight too, so I can't stay out too late.
Himari: Okay~, no problem~.
Tomoe: We've all gotten busy, but I think you might have us beat.
Ran: I'm not so much busy. I've just got... family stuff to take care of.
Moca: We're all growing up so fast~. I'm really starting to feel like a high school senior~.
Tsugumi: This is our last year of high school. I think we're going to get even busier.
Himari: Exactly! So that's why we should do something fun today to enjoy ourselves!
Himari: And the best way to do that is with yummy parfaits!
Ran: You mean that's the best way for you, right?
Moca: Say~, if we're gonna do something fun, why don't we go check out the studios at RiNG~?
Moca: We can see what their new studios are like and jam out some tunes while we're there~.
Himari: Whoa, I'm seriously loving that idea! You know, Moca, you have some good ones every once in a while!
Tsugumi: I'd like to go too! I've been wanting to take a look at RiNG!
Tomoe: Me too! I'm down!
Moca: Ran~?
Ran: ... Sure, but only if it's quick.
Himari: Yay~! Then we're going! After we eat our parfaits, we're off to RiNG!
Himari: It's been a while, but this feels like the right time to do our thing~! Ready~? Here we go!
Himari: Hey, hey, hoh~!
Ran, Moca, Tomoe & Tsugumi: ...
Himari: Why won't you guys do it with me~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
