main057 Chapter 6: Fire Blazing Forward

Afterglow plays at RiNG. The new environment excites them...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[RiNG - Entrance]

Tsugumi: Mhn~, that felt great~.
Moca: We were really rocking out~. Now, this is what high school seniors sound like~.
Himari: Maybe it's because we're in a new studio. I feel like we're even more revved up than usual!
Tomoe: I'm really feeling this studio! We might wanna practice here sometimes too!
Ran: Right? This studio's not bad.
Moca: Ran blessed it with a "not bad"~.
Himari: Hey, don't you feel like we've been playing with even more energy lately?
Tsugumi: I know what you mean! It feels like we could do anything if we keep this up...
Tomoe: Recently, Masuki and I have been playing off against each other at Galaxy after we finish working. I felt the same rush just now as when I play with her.
Moca: Hey~, you're trying to get better without us~. So, you've been practicing like that, and you weren't gonna tell the crew~?
Tomoe: It's not like that. Lately, I've just been wanting to get to that next level.
Himari: You're trying to rush there on your own... I'm giving you a speeding ticket!
Moca: Tomo-chin, you're under arrest~. There'll be no motorcycle license for you~.
Tomoe: Hey, don't jinx me. I'm working my butt off at the driving school right now.
Tsugumi: You know, I was really surprised when you said you were going to get a motorcycle license.
Ran: Speaking of that, why do you want one anyway?
Tomoe: There's no special reason or anything...
Tomoe: I guess... I just think it's cool...
Moca: Seeking even more coolness is such a Tomo-chin thing to do~.
Tomoe: Masuki just looks so sick riding her bike.
Tomoe: On a bike, I can be like the wind... You know?!
Ran: That look in your eyes is making me uncomfortable.
Ran: The third round of the GBT is coming up fast, so make sure you're focusing on that too.
Tomoe: I am laser-focused! Couldn't you tell by how I was playing?
Tsugumi: By the way... RAS is going to enter the GBT, right?
Ran: It's not just RAS. Morfonica will be there too.
Himari: Don't worry! No one can touch us the way we're playing now! Our band is going to be legendary!
Tomoe: Word. We're gonna be so hot we burst into flames!
Ran: The whole venue is going to see us and only us.
Ran: Flames won't be enough, though... I want us to set the venue on fire and burn it down to the ground...
Himari: Ran... Right! People are going to remember the name Afterglow!
Tomoe: For sure! And just beyond that, I know we'll play the greatest show ever.
Ran: ... I'm tired of just feeling close to it.
Ran: We're definitely going to get there... To the ultimate show.
Moca: Ooh~, your highlight's glowing even more red than ever...
Ran: N-no, it isn't... Don't make me punch you for real.
Moca: Yikes~. Hii-chan, protect me~.
Himari: Argh~, this is what happens when you always tease everybody~.
Himari: Anyway! To reach the ultimate show like Ran said, the first thing we'll need to do is win the GBT!
Tsugumi: ... Hey, why don't we stay here longer? It looks like there's a room available too.
Tomoe: Nice! I was just thinking the same thing!
Himari: Okay, then I'll go tell the receptionist!
Moca: Ladies, make sure you keep up with me~!
Ran: Let's do this. We'll play till we've got nothing left to give...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
