main067 Chapter 16: Work Is Great!

Nanami and Tsukushi talk about the changes at work. Mashiro starts thinking...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Mashiro: What...? Nanami-chan, you're in charge of the restaurant's part-timers?
Nanami: Yep. My manager asked me if I wanted to give part-time manager a try.
Nanami: I was shocked at first, but I'm a second-year student now. So, I thought I'd take on the challenge.
Tsukushi: That's incredible! There have to be people who've been there longer than you...!
Mashiro: Congratulations. And good luck.
Nanami: Thanks~. I don't know how well I can handle it, but I'll do what I can~.
Tsukushi: Don't worry! If anyone can do it, you can!
Mashiro: That reminds me... Tsukushi-chan, you said that lately, you've been working alone a lot more at Hazawa Coffee, right?
Tsukushi: Yeah! Of course, Tsugumi-senpai and Eve-senpai being busy is one of the reasons for it, but...
Tsukushi: They said I'd be fine.
Nanami: Oh~. They trust you a lot, Tsu-chan~.
Tsukushi: Fufu~! You two should come by sometime. I'll brew up some great coffee for you!
Mashiro: ... Gosh~. Both of you are so amazing.
Mashiro: It kind of feels like I'm the only one not doing anything.
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Everyone's starting something new, but... is it okay for me to just stay like this?
Tsukushi: In that case, why don't you start something too? For example~... you could get a part-time job!
Mashiro: What?! No, no, no! There's no way I can do that! I already get nervous talking to people I don't know...
Mashiro: Just thinking about doing a part-time job makes my hands shake...
Tsukushi: Ohh~, you're so quick to say things like that.
Mashiro: Well~...
Nanami: Now, now. There isn't really any need to rush~. As the saying goes, "Good things come to those who wait."
Nanami: So I think you just need to keep waiting, Shiro-chan~.
Mashiro: Huh? Would that... really be okay?
Tsukushi: Ohh~, you spoil her too much, Nanami-chan~!
Nanami: Ahahaha!
Nanami: More importantly, Tsu-chan, what time are you working from? If you'd like, why don't we have some tea until it's time?
Tsukushi: I'm fine with that... What about you, Mashiro-chan? Do you have time?
Mashiro: Ah... Sorry. I've got plans with Ako-chan and LOCK-chan after this.
Tsukushi: Is that so? Okay, maybe next time.
Nanami: I'm jealous~. The next time you're all hanging out, invite us too~.
Mashiro: Yeah, of course.
