main049 Opening 1: New Beginning!!

Marina is looking back at a past concert when unexpected visitors arrive...!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Equipment checks, done, audience's section, cleaned...! Alright, good job, as always!
Marina: Oh, probably a good idea to restock the picks now... Really? You took care of it already? Thanks!
Marina: It's been a while since you started working here, and I have to say, you've become quite dependable lately.
Marina: The people who come here have been saying it's really nice and comfy.
Marina: It's because of your hard work. Thanks so much.
Marina: ... So, uh, I have a bit of a favor to ask...
Marina: We're short-staffed next week... and I was wondering... Do you think you could maybe squeeze in a few shifts...?
Marina: You can?! You're such a lifesaver~!
Marina: Here's the shift schedule! Could you write your name for the times you want to come in?
Marina: Thanks! With you coming in this often, things will be so much more manageable!
Marina: Oh, right. I'm planning to put this on display in the reception area, so I put it in a photo frame.
Marina: Yeah! It's the photo from the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! Fufu, it's one of the ones you took. Brings back memories, doesn't it~?
(White cut)
Marina: With Kasumi-chan playing a major role, Poppin'Party was able to use their characteristic cheerfulness to lead everyone at events and such~.
Marina: The Rocking Star Festival concert they streamed live was a huge success, and I bet they'll keep spreading their sparkling, heart-pounding feelings to even more people!
Marina: With their bond that can only come from being childhood friends even stronger now, Afterglow has recently been going on band trips and taking part in bigger events!
Marina: I can't wait to see how the "same as always" that's so dear to them will change and evolve going forward!
Marina: Pastel＊Palettes's fame as a skilled idol band has been rising, and what makes each of the five girls unique has been blossoming even more~.
Marina: Although their circumstances are gradually changing, I'm sure Aya-chan will lead the way for them as they continue to cheer on people chasing their dreams!
Marina: Being that making the whole world smile is why Hello, Happy World! is active as a band, it's no surprise they performed overseas recently.
Marina: Kokoro-chan and the girls also seem to have more things that are dear to them due to the encounters they've had. I'm really looking forward to how they'll amaze us!
Marina: Having entered the professional scene, Roselia's already overwhelming skill and style have been polished even further.
Marina: I wonder if they're any closer to the "summit" they seek now that they've made their nationwide tour a success. We definitely have to keep our eyes on them~!
Marina: Morfonica may have originated at a prestigious all-girls school, but they haven't let that limit their band activities, and it's helped them change in countless ways.
Marina: Mashiro-chan, in particular, seems to be a lot more confident on stage than she used to be, and I'm sure the girls will continue changing further.
Marina: With their intense music as their weapon, RAISE A SUILEN has continued to deliver their music to the world!
Marina: When it comes to creating music, speaking their mind has led to conflict at times, but... their bond seems to have grown and helped refine their sound further.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Marina: ... Oops! Got a bit too excited. Sorry for making you listen to all that!
Kasumi: Marina-san~, {{userName}}-san~! Hi~!
Marina: Kasumi-chan! Girls! What brings the whole band here?
Kasumi: We've become high school third-years~!
Saya: Kasumi said she wanted to say hi to the both of you. That's why we're here.
Marina: Fufu, congratulations, girls! It's hard to believe you're all third-years now~. How are you adjusting to your new school life?
Kasumi: Between the new classrooms and the new friends, every day is sparkling and heart-pounding! Right, Arisa?
Arisa: Thanks to student council, my days have been crazy busy.
Marina: I see! You'll all still be performing as Poppin'Party, though, right?
Kasumi: You bet! We'll keep performing forever and ever~!
Rimi: CiRCLE seems really crowded. Does this mean all the studios are already occupied?
Marina: Uh, let me see... Oh, looks like we've got one vacancy. Since you're all here, wanna squeeze in some practice?
Kasumi: Yeah, totally!
Marina: Fufu. Knock yourselves out then~!
Kasumi: Will do~! Thanks~, Marina-san!
