main018 Chapter 16: Make it yourselves!

Poppin'Party discusses the event. What will Kasumi do with Marina's advice?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Marina: Like sharing a smile, huh... Yeah! Sounds like a great idea to me!
Kasumi: We tried to think of something we all have in common, just like you said. And guess what? We found it! It's-
Arisa: The feeling we all share when we perform together. The enjoyment of playing music. We each have it in us.
Kasumi: Hey~, I was gonna say that, Arisa~.
Arisa: Definitely not that big a deal.
Rimi: We think we should take that feeling of togetherness and use it to connect with the people who come to watch our shows.
Marina: Okay, all right, I like it. Looks like you gave some advice, huh? Good job.
Kasumi: Hahaha. Looking proud, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: I guess it's our turn to start preparing for this event now!
Marina: We've already got the theme decided, so next we'll need to start getting the posters and flyers made.
Saya: I think Moca-chan's mother is a designer, isn't she...? Maybe we could ask her to lend a hand.
Marina: Really? That would be a huge help...! I thought I might ask the cafe next door to make some special food and drink for the event, too. What do you think?
Rimi: That would be wonderful! Maybe we could also have chocolate cornets and other pastries from Saya-chan's shop, too!
Saya: From our place?! A-ha-ha... I mean, if it's okay with Marina-san...
Marina: Of course!
Saya: Then I guess I'll ask my parents about it.
Tae: Tsugumi's parents run a cafe, too. They might have some helpful advice to give.
Rimi: Kanon-senpai and Chisato-senpai really love sweets, too. They said they often go out for tea and cakes together.
Kasumi: Since when did you guys know all this stuff about the other bands?!
Saya: We talked a lot together at that after-practice party the other day. Right, Arisa?
Arisa: Y-yeah...
Kasumi: Aww~, that sounds like so much fun~!
Arisa: You were there too, idiot!
Kasumi: I know, but still~!
Arisa: I mean, we did make some new friends, but... the Poppin'Party girls are still number one...
Kasumi: Hmm? Did you say something?
Arisa: ...! No, nothing!
Marina: Fufu. At least we'll get somewhere with the posters and catering. But what about the most important part of all, the actual event details?
Saya: We all worked together building a set list, and it's almost complete. There's just one little problem... the last song.
Marina: Last song?
Saya: We want to end the show with a song that really shares these feelings of us all enjoying the music together, but...
Rimi: We all have such great songs, it's hard to pick one...
Marina: Hmm... A single song... to sum up the feelings of all 25 performers...
Saya: If we choose one band's song over the others, it'll be kinda unbalanced... It won't get across the real meaning behind what we're doing...
Marina: ... Hey.
Rimi: Yes?
Marina: I'm about to say something completely insane, so just prepare yourselves, okay?
Arisa: ......!
Marina: If you don't have the right song...
Kasumi: ... Then we should write a new one!!
Marina: Exactly!! ... I mean, it's easy for me to say, not being in a band or anything... I know it's a crazy idea.
Kasumi: It's not crazy at all! It was music that brought us all together in the first place!
Kasumi: I bet if we all wrote one new song together, we'll get to understand that feeling even deeper than before!
Arisa: ... We only have two weeks until the show. We'd have to convince the other members, then write the song, then rehearse it... Can we do it?
Rimi: I think it will be tough... but I'm in!
Tae: Count me in, too.
Saya: I mean we always knew this wouldn't be easy, ever since we first agreed to it all.
Kasumi: Arisa~...!
Arisa: ...! I-I mean, I'm not saying I'm against it...!
Kasumi: Yay~! You're the best, Arisa!
Arisa: Sigh... We don't have time to pat ourselves on the back here. We need to start getting support from the other members, easiest ones first.
Rimi: Yes, good idea.
