main046 Chapter 18: A Record of Unique Activities #2

The girls hand out the completed flyers. These masterpieces made by Moca reflect everyone's requests...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Yukina Minato, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Station Entrance]

Hagumi: This is the Girls Band Party! Thanks for having us!
Rimi: Thanks for having us!
Moca: Thankies~!
Maya: You have to say it properly, Aoba-san!
Moca: You caught me~. This is the Girls Band Party, thanks for having us~.
Ako: The flyers look so cool! Nice work, Moca-chin!
Moca: I know, right? Praise me some more.
Maya: Truth be told, I had been reflecting on how we made too many requests for different things during the design meeting.
Rimi: That's because everyone had different images in mind... You did a really good job of combining them all together, Moca-chan.
Moca: Yeah, I did. You guys are the only ones who understand all the trouble I went to~. All Ran said was "oh, nice design."
Ako: I can see how you used my idea~!  It feels like a cool, dark wave is coming at you like "boom!"
Hagumi: I can see my idea too! It feels like it's saying a happy and friendly "heave-ho!"
Moca: Ehehe~. Oh no, you're making me blush.
Maya: I think they'll be received quite well. Alright! Let's hand out our stack for today!
Rimi: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Yukina: ... This looks good. Let's use our remaining time to brush up on our lyrics and performance.
Aya: I'm a little bothered by one of our opening lines.
Kokoro: Opening lines...? Do you mean "Ready, go! Let's have fun!"? I like that one.
Aya: Yeah, I like it too... But how should I put this? I'd like it if we could think of a line with even more impact.
Aya: Our songs have to be powerful enough to draw in the audience, right? I think the impact of our opening plays one of the most important parts of this...
Yukina: Yes, you certainly have a point there. Let's brainstorm some more effective lines while we brush up.
Ran: ... Ah, a message from Tomoe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: T-shirt meeting report! We've gone for a feel-good concept! We're gonna make some cool festival-style t-shirts!
Tae: Festival-style t-shirts?! I like that idea. Let's make the design powerful too.
Eve: Festival style... How about we twist towels around our heads?
Kanon: W-we could get matching scarves and wear them like headbands. What do you think?
Tomoe: Yeah! I was just thinking that T-shirts on their own aren't really enough. Let's bring up matching accessories with the others!
Kanon: Okay! I think a scarf or some other kind of accessory would be fine. Let's think about it.
Rinko: In that case... we may find inspiration... in the store I go to for costume materials...
Tomoe: Oh! Great idea, Rinko-san! Let's all go there together!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Everyone is working so hard. We have to make sure we think of some good lines.
Kasumi: Hmhmm~♪ You got that right~♪
Ran: Everything okay, Kasumi? You seem awfully cheerful.
Kokoro: Did you think of some good lyrics?
Kasumi: Nope, I've got nothing!
Yukina: Then what is the matter?
Kasumi: I haven't thought of anything, but I feel like we've finished them already!
Ran: As always, you're way too carefree. You better not make us write the lyrics on the day of again.
Kasumi: E-ehehe... Honestly, that's what I was thinking of doing... I mean, don't you feel like you can get the crowd going the most when you're in the middle of a performance?
Kasumi: I was picturing it just now. But I guess my imagination does have its limits.
Kokoro: It's really exciting to see what happens during a show, but you can't know what hasn't happened yet.
Kokoro: And that's exactly why  I'm with you, Kasumi! Why don't we just call out whatever comes to mind in the moment?
Yukina: Another bold suggestion...
Aya: I-I don't know if I can do that...! I get so nervous during shows...
Ran: ... Yeah, but I guess it could be interesting.
Ran: If we want to include all kinds of feelings into this message of "fun," then maybe it would be better if we all called out different things at first.
Kokoro: I think all those different feelings will come together to make it truly fun! Doesn't this make you so excited?
Kasumi: Yeah, that sounds like a lot of fun! Ah, I know!
Kasumi: We originally planned to do that opening line together, so why don't we try and change it right now to phrases we can sing-speak individually instead?
Ran: Kasumi, you're so bold today. But yeah, I'm okay with that. Since we've come this far, let's do everything we possibly can.
Aya: Got it...! I'm a bit nervous, but I'll try!
Yukina: I will try too. Expressing your feelings to your heart's content... It fits our concept perfectly.
Kasumi: Yay! Okay, now let's finish up the lyrics in the way we just talked about!
Kasumi: This... will absolutely be a great song! I know it!
