main038 Chapter 10: Sentiments to Confirm

The group heads to CiRCLE to confirm what they feel about being in a band. When they get there...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[Station Entrance]

Himari: Did you see Kasumi's message? I wonder if she's okay.
Tomoe: I mean, it must've been pretty shocking to have a girl who gave up on her band say that to her...
Tsugumi: We're going to have to learn how to put on even better shows...!
Ran: ... Yeah.
Moca: Oh? Isn't that Roselia-senpai over there~?
Yukina: Hm? Mitake-san... Are you all on your way to rehearsal as well?
Ran: You could say that.
Ako: We just couldn't sit around after seeing Kasumi's message... We needed to play together right away!
Tomoe: I know how ya feel, Ako. Can't really put it into words, but somethin' just ain't right...
Sayo: We figured that we would find out what we're lacking faster if we played instead of trying to discuss the matter.
Yukina: I suppose we were thinking the same thing.
Ran: Obviously, anyone in a band would respond to what happened this way.
Moca: Okay~, enough~. Save the fireworks for the actual concert~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kanon: Ah, Himari-chan!
Misaki: Not only that. Afterglow and Roselia are together.
Kaoru: Fufu... Shall I presume that you all received Kasumi-chan's message and flocked to the studio to practice?
Himari: That's exactly right! Something's bothering us, and we don't really know what, so we're just gonna play!
Rimi: Hello, Ran-chan, Himari-chan.
Ran: Ah, Rimi. Actually, all of your band is here.
Saya: Wow, it's like a party! Everyone's here to practice?
Hagumi: Yep... Kaa-kun, how are ya? Feelin' okay?
Kasumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Arisa: Oh, yeah. She's fine. No need to worry, Kitazawa-san.
Hagumi: Kaa-kun, you were the one who talked to the girl... I thought you might be feeling down or something.
Kasumi: Ahaha~... I guess it did throw me for a loop. But I can't be moping around all day!
Tae: We're here to make sure.
Ran: Of what?
Kasumi: That being in a band is actually fun!
Yukina: That's the kind of idea I expect from Toyama-san.
Ran: ... Sure is.
Lisa: What a shame it is that everyone's present except Pastel＊Palettes. Right now would be the perfect opportunity for all of us to practice together.
Tsugumi: What's Hina-senpai doing today?
Sayo: I-I don't keep close tabs on Hina and her schedule, just so you know...
Lisa: Meaning you don't know if she's working or not, right? 'Kay, maybe I should see what she's up to.
Sayo: Are you saying you're gonna call her here?
Lisa: Not just her, all of Pastel＊Palettes, I guess. No point in assuming they won't come before we ask.
Hagumi: Yay~! We'll all be together~!
Sayo: Sigh... I hope she doesn't cause trouble like she always does...
Kasumi: (Back then, I would have never believed that all of these bands could naturally come together like this.)
Kasumi: (Each group has its own beliefs, but... we're all thinking the same thing... I can feel it!)
Arisa: Kasumi, hurry up. We're gonna start rehearsing before Pastel＊Palettes gets here.
Tae: Time to make sure~♪
Kokoro: Wow, what a lovely song. Time to make sure~♪
Misaki: Kokoro, we're using the studio over here.
Saya: Fufu! Let's start our check then!
