main053 Chapter 2: Brand New Beat!!

Arisa and the girls arrive at RiNG. Everything is brand new...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[RiNG - Entrance]

Arisa: Kasumi sure is taking her sweet time~... She's already ten minutes late...
Rimi: Fufu, she's probably still getting changed. She'll be here soon, I think.
Tae: Hey, look...!
Arisa: What is it, O-Tae?
Tae: The ceiling's so high~!
Arisa: K-keep it down! You're getting way too excited...
Rimi: It really is amazing though. There's even a music shop over there.
Arisa: Feels like some kinda futuristic studio.
Kasumi: Sorry for being late, guys~!
Arisa: Oh, Kasumi. About time. We've been waiting forever~. What took you so long?
Kasumi: Sorry. I ended up chatting a bit while explaining things to some people who came here for the first time.
Ririko: Good work, Kasumi-chan! See you again when you come in tomorrow!
Tae: Ah, Ririko-san!
Ririko: Wow~, Tae-chan, you girls are all here too?
Tae: We're gonna go hang out together later!
Ririko: Just as close as ever, I see~. Reminds me of when I was working at SPACE.
Ririko: Kasumi-chan suddenly came barging into SPACE holding her Random Star... Fufu, brings back memories.
Tae: I used to work with you.
Ririko: Fufufu, how could I ever forget.
Arisa: Um~, Kasumi isn't causing any trouble, is she? Is everything okay?
Ririko: Absolutely! She's actually doing a great job. The energy she brings, whether she's interacting with the customers or the employees, really helps liven up the place.
Ririko: Just now, she was explaining how to use the amps and even played the guitar for some people who came for the first time... She's already befriended them.
Kasumi: Yeah! They even said they'll be back again tomorrow!
Arisa: Huh~... I have to say, it feels so weird to see you working with Ririko-san.
Saya: Sorry for keeping you waiting, guys~.
Rimi: Hey, Saya-chan.
Kasumi: Saya~! You're late~. What were you up to?
Saya: The guitar picks were running low, so I restocked them from the backroom.
Ririko: Thanks, Saya-chan! I'm sure the people on the late shift will really appreciate it.
Saya: It was nothing, really. Oh yeah, Kasumi, did you fill out your work shift schedule for next month?
Kasumi: Oops, I forgot~. Thanks, Saya.
Arisa: Hard to believe you guys started working here at the same time.
Rimi: Fufu, Saya-chan already seems like the veteran of the two.
Ririko: Saya-chan's such a big help because she works so fast, is a quick study, and has a good awareness of what's going on around her.
Saya: Not at all~. Even today, my bakery habit slipped out, and I ended up calling you you-know-what, Ririko-san...
Kasumi: Everyone just froze when it happened, like they were all wondering "Who's... Dad...?"
Saya: Hey, Kasumi, don't tell that story in front of everyone~!
Arisa: I still can't believe you're working at a live house, though, Saya~.
Rimi: Well, ever since the parent-teacher-student conferences, you've been looking for part-time work.
Saya: Mm-hmm. I was looking for a place I could work at while helping out at the bakery, and when I found out CiRCLE was opening another branch, I knew this was it!
Kasumi: Yeah, I felt this was the job for me, too, and that's why I decided to work here!
Saya: When we made that song for CHiSPA, Natsu's stories reminded me of how great live houses can be. I was a bit interested, so I decided to give it a shot.
Tae: Working at a live house really suits you both.
Arisa: No argument there.
Kasumi: Alright, well, now that we're all here, let's go do something!
Saya: Agreed~. But before we do, I'm actually kinda hungry~.
Tae: Filling yourself up after work is essential! Let's go grab something to eat first.
Arisa: There's supposed to be a café on the second floor of RiNG, right? Maybe we can eat there...
Rimi: I think that's a great idea! I've actually been wanting to go for forever!
Kasumi: To RiNG's café we go then~! The pancake and strawberry parfait set is amazing, by the way! Right, Saya?
Saya: Yup! You guys have got to try it out.
Rimi: Ohh~! I'm super looking forward to it~.
