main064 Chapter 13: Sprucing up Life

Chisato and Kanon are shopping for things for their new home.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Main Street]

Kanon: Phew~, we bought a lot of stuff.
Chisato: This street has a supermarket and a knick-knack shop, so it's really convenient.
Kanon: Oh, look, Chisato-chan. That shop has a lot of cute furniture lined up.
Kanon: That flower-shaped cushion over there is so cute!
Chisato: Fufu, that shade looks like something you'd like. But I think it's better to get a doormat first, don't you think?
Kanon: Oh, yeah.
Chisato: And it would be nice if we could get an extra frying pan.
Kanon: That's true. The one we have now might be a little small...
Kanon: I never noticed it before, but there are so many kinds of daily essentials.
Chisato: It's like we only realized after we moved out of our family homes. But I think we have almost everything we need now.
Kanon: ... Oh.
Chisato: What's wrong, Kanon?
Kanon: ... What should we do if- And I only mean if!
Chisato: If... what happens?
Kanon: If bugs... show up at our place...?
Chisato: ...?!
Chisato & Kanon: ...
Kanon: I-I'm sorry, never mind! Let's not think about it...
Chisato: Y-yeah. They said the building is new, so bugs shouldn't appear. Yeah, I'm sure... they won't appear, right?
Kaoru: Fufu, what will not appear?
Chisato & Kanon: Eek!
Kanon: Kaoru-san?!
Chisato: Wh-what are you doing here...?
Kaoru: I wish to congratulate the princesses beginning a new chapter in their lives. It is for that reason that I have brought something indispensable for you both.
Kanon: Something indispensable...?
Chisato: I appreciate the thought, but we already have almost everything we need.
Kaoru: Allow me to bestow upon you two a gift from yours truly.
Kanon: Huh? This is a-
Chisato: Bouquet...?
Kaoru: Fufu... A castle fit for two lovely princesses would not be complete without flowers, don't you think?
Kanon: Kaoru-san...
Chisato: Fufu. Kaoru, you really haven't changed...
Kaoru: Well then, I shall take my leave.
Kanon: And there she goes...
Chisato: Kanon...
Kanon: Hmm? What is it?
Chisato: Why don't we go back to the knick-knack shop and buy a flower vase?
Kanon: ... Yeah. You're right. Let's do that.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
