main020 Chapter 18: Working Together

The members of each band work together to make T-shirts and original drinks.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Kasumi: ... So, how about this?
Ran: Yeah. Not bad.
Kokoro: Hmm-hmm~♪
Aya: The melody's almost writing itself now, isn't it.
Yukina: ......
Kasumi: Yukina-senpai? Is there something on your mind?
Yukina: Hmm? Oh, no...
Ran: ... Minato-san. You're not a very good bluffer.
Yukina: I just... I've never sung to a melody like this before. I'm trying to think how exactly I should do it.
Kokoro: You just need to enjoy singing it, that's all. It's simple!
Ran: Nothing speaks louder than music. Who was it who said that?
Yukina: ... You're right. I apologize, I got distracted. Let's get back to the song.
Kasumi: (Yukina-senpai is more serious about music than any of us... She's right to be worried. But if she has support of her band, and all of us, then surely...!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Wow~, these look delicious!
Saya: My dad really outdid himself. I brought a lot of samples with me, so you can all give them a try.
Kanon: Ah... Is this a bun shaped like Michelle...?
Moca: Mmm~, delishush~. Crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside~.
Saya: ... Of course she's already eating.
Moca: Ah, is that a bagel~? It's got a chocolate face on it. So cute~.
Saya: Thanks. I thought maybe since we're all here, we could try decorating some of these ourselves.
Kanon: Ahh... That sounds like fun!
Saya: Oh, yeah, Moca-chan. About the posters...
Moca: Oh, right~. I asked my mom, she said it's all good~.
Saya: That's great! That really helps a lot. Go on Moca-chan, eat up! You deserve it!
All: Hahaha.
Chisato: I'm so sorry I'm late! My last appointment ran over...
Kanon: Chisato-chan... Thank you for coming.
Chisato: We're deciding on the event drinks today, aren't we? Let's go ahead and get started.
Tsugumi: Okay. I started thinking of some recipes based on the tea we serve here...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Lisa: Tada~! I drew up a t-shirt design for us. Take a look!
Himari: Wow~! It's so cool!
Ako: Yeah, really super cool! You really designed this yourself, Lisa-nee?
Lisa: Well, yeah. I mean, really I just put together all the ideas you guys gave me. I didn't do much myself.
Eve: Our very own war uniform... That really raises morale!!
Lisa: Hahaha. You're right, wearing the same outfit like this really does make it more exciting. Let's not forget it was all Rinko's idea, too. Thanks, Rinko!
Rinko: No, I... I didn't... I just wanted to... help in some way...
Ako: Good job, Rin-rin!
Eve: Rinko-san made your bands outfits too, right? That's incredible!
Himari: Designing and creating clothes that gorgeous... It really is amazing!
Lisa: ... There you go, Rinko. Aren't they sweet?
Rinko: Y-yes...!
Lisa: I gotta say though, I can't even imagine our Yukina or Sayo wearing a t-shirt, you know?
Himari: Oh yeah! I wonder how it'll look on them... Saying that, I can't picture it on Rinko-san either!
Rinko: R-really...?
Eve: When I was a model, I got to wear all kinds of new clothes I'd never worn before. A lot of them I had a hard time imagining myself wearing, but...
Eve: When I finally put them on, I almost felt like I'd discovered a whole new me every time.
Eve: So I think maybe you will find a whole new Rinko-san, too♪
Rinko: A new me... Yes... ... Thank you.
Ako: Now I'm even more excited for this show than before!
Lisa: Yeah, me too. Come on guys, let's make the perfect t-shirt everyone can be proud to wear!
