event211-03 Chapter 2: What They Are to Us

Spirits are high. During a break from practice. the subject of Roselia comes up.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Ran: ... Okay. Not bad.
Moca: Yay~! Ran gave us a "not bad"~! That means we're doing great~!
Tomoe: It felt like we nailed the songs perfectly! Wanna run through them again from the top while we're still feeling this buzz?
Himari: Wait, wait, time out~! Aren't we due for a break? We've been practicing for almost two hours straight~.
Tomoe: Ah, really? Haha, guess I've just been in the zone and don't wanna stop.
Tsugumi: I have some snacks, so why don't we eat them together? I brought our newest item, strawberry mousse tarts.
Himari: Oh wow, yay~! Thank you sooo much~, Tsugu!
Tomoe: You've been hooking us up with a lot of treats lately.
Tsugumi: That's because we need to work extra hard preparing for the joint show, so we must keep our energy levels high with sweets.
Moca: Many thanks, o blessed Tsugu-sama~. The power of sweets gives me the strength of a hundred Mocas~.
Tomoe: By the way, how's the new song coming, Ran?
Ran: I'm still working on it... but I feel like I'm going to write something good. It'll be like a challenge to our rivals.
Moca: Whoa~, just what I'd expect from our Crimson Lighting. Please write a song that scares the daylights out of 'em~.
Ran: You called me that the other day too. What's the deal? You like that name?
Moca: Whaaat~? I thought it suited you perfectly~. The Crimson Lighhhtning~.
Moca: You remember, right? The reason we played our first joint show with them was because you got so fired up~.
Ran: Ugh... Y-yeah, I can't deny that.
Tsugumi: Well, what happened that time was just a little misunderstanding.
Himari: Buuut Ran and Tomoe were so tense. I was really worried about what was going to happen. Fufu, what a time that was. It's been ages since then.
Moca: You know~, looking back on it now, that was the birth of our legendary rivalry with Roselia~.
Himari: Thinking about it again like this, that was when Roselia first said they had aimed to give the ultimate show.
Tsugumi: Yeah, we were blown away by their performance at the Future World Fes... It made us want to play a show like that.
Tomoe: After that, we played in Girl Jam again, made a declaration to all the girl bands of the world, and went on a band trip...
Tomoe: If the us from when we were just starting out could get a load of us now, they'd flip knowing all the things we've done.
Ran: They really would. I feel like we've been moving forward little by little, always trying to figure out our next move.
Ran: Roselia... is totally different. They've been traveling a straight path without ever losing their way. They've always stood way above us, shining brightly...
Ran: ...
Tsugumi: Ran-chan?
Ran: Ah, it's nothing. You know, I wonder why they agreed to play against us this time.
Himari: The answer's obvious. It's because they think of us as their rival, right?!
Ran: But when we faced each other at the last joint show, they said they "supposed" we could be their rival. It was such a vague thing to say.
Tomoe: Ran, that's one heck of a memory you've got...
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I guess that really left an impression.
Moca: Well~, I don't think they thought bad of us~. Or else they wouldn't agree to use up their free time just for us while they're busy doing a nationwide tour, righhht~?
Himari: Yes, that is absolutely right!
Moca: Well~... it could also be for the same reason as before. They want to use us to help push themselves closer to the top.
Tomoe: Ahahahaha... There's a good chance that's why.
Ran: ... I wouldn't mind if it was that either. No matter what they're thinking, all we need to do is rock them with every fiber of our being.
Ran: That's why this time-
Himari: We're going to make them say that Afterglow is their rival!
Moca: Boy~, I can't believe we're finally gonna win against such a strong band. If this were a shonen manga, it'd be a wild turn of events.
Ran: ... Win...
Moca: What is it, Ran~? We're gonna destroy them, right?
Ran: ... Of course, we are. I wouldn't have challenged them if I didn't think we could win...!
Ran: ... But...
Tsugumi: But?
Ran: I thought Roselia was our rival and a band we should settle the score with, but now I feel like it's more than that...
Himari: Are you saying that Roselia isn't just our rival?
Tomoe: Something more than rivals, huh...?
Tsugumi: Hmm~...
Ran: Sorry. I put it out there, but I can't really finish my thought.
Tsugumi: It's okay. Maybe it's something that isn't easy to put into words.
Moca: That's why at times like this, we need a snack break~! I'm sure some sugar will get the ol' noggin working again~.
Himari: You say that, but all you really want to do is eat, isn't it~?
Tsugumi: Fufu. Well, how about we go eat in the lobby?
Tomoe: Ran, you should take a break too, okay?
Ran: Alright. Thanks.
Tsugumi: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Ran: ...
Ran: (This is no good. It's not coming together at all... Before practice, I felt like I could write a good song, though...)
Ran: (Why was I so happy when we promised to play a joint show...?)
Ran: (Was it because I wanted to settle the score between us...? That's definitely a part of it. I know in my heart I want to beat them.)
Ran: (Was it because I wanted to make one last memory with Roselia...? No, that was never my intention. It's not some lame feeling like that.)
Ran: (Then... why...?)
Ran: What does Roselia mean to me...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
