event211-05 Chapter 4: Motivation

The answer is becoming clearer to Ran. She and Tsugumi head to CiRCLE.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Rokka Asahi)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

LOCK (Rokka): Marina-san~, I'll put the boxes here. Please check them later when you have a chance~.
Marina: Sorry~. Thank you~.
Tsugumi: Hrm? Rokka-chan. It's rare to see you at CiRCLE.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Ran-senpai, Tsugumi-senpai, hi~. I'm running a little errand for Galaxy today...
Tsugumi: I see. You're pretty busy too.
LOCK (Rokka): Not at all... More importantly, I heard about the joint concert! A show for just Roselia and Afterglow... It's going to be so freaking amazing~!
LOCK (Rokka): I'll be working at Galaxy that day, so please let me know if there's anything you need!
Ran: Th-thanks.
LOCK (Rokka): I get to see an important show, so I'll do anything to help! I'll work the lights, the smoke machine; just name it! Don't hesitate to ask me for anything!
Ran: Fufu... You're being too loud.
LOCK (Rokka): I-I'm sorry! I just got so excited~.
Tsugumi: But I'm happy to hear you're so eager to see the show.
Ran: Me too. There won't be anybody else to watch it, so you be our witness. Watch us win.
LOCK (Rokka): I-I will!
LOCK (Rokka): I better be getting back to Galaxy now, so I'll see you later! I can't wait for the concert!
Tsugumi: Neither can we. See you later.
Marina: Hrm? I thought I recognized those voices. It's Ran-chan and Tsugumi-chan. Thanks for coming by.
Ran: Marina-san, hi. Are there any rooms available now?
Marina: Well~, I think there are a few... but you don't want to be with Tomoe-chan and the others? The three of them are already practicing.
Ran & Tsugumi: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Himari: Stop, stop~. Tomoe, don't you think you were going too fast just now?
Tomoe: Oh, my bad. I was really getting into it... But wasn't it good to speed up there?
Tsugumi: I think it was. I might want to try playing at that tempo.
Himari: Tsugu! Hrm? And Ran. Why are you here?
Ran: Right back at you. I thought we agreed not to do any band stuff today because everyone had club activities or other plans.
Moca: Well, you see~, I finished early~. Since I had time, I figured I'd drop by the studio, and that's when...
Tomoe: We ran into each other here~.
Himari: It was a coincidence! Really~! Since we were here, I thought of inviting you, but I knew Tsugu had student council, and you likely wanted to work on the song, so...
Ran: It's cool. It's not like I'm angry about it or anything.
Moca: Sorry to make you feel left out~. How about I give you a nice pat on the head~?
Ran: Nope, I didn't feel left out at all.
Tsugumi: Something like this happened before, didn't it?
Himari: It did, it did! It was after the Future World Fes!
Moca: Oh~, that time~. Yeah, that was when the fiery spirit of Hii-chan's leadership awakened, and she declared, "We, too, shall play a most excellent show. 'Tis our destiny!"...
Himari: Argh~, I did not say it like that~!
Moca: Really~? Are you sure? You were so charismatic in my memory~.
Ran: Fufu...
Moca: What is it~? What's so funny, Ran~?
Ran: It's nothing. I was just thinking how we've had so many times like this when we've felt lost or uncertain. We really never do change.
Ran: I want us to walk our own path. That's the honest truth. But that path only exists because we've been chasing after Roselia.
Moca: ...
Ran: But isn't that just like us? There's no way you could ignore such an amazing band when they're so close to you.
Tomoe: Ran...
Ran: Roselia is our rival, but they're not only that. They're the strong driving force that pushes forward.
Ran: We think they're incredible and admire them. We feel like they're better than us. We get angry and declare we won't lose to them...
Ran: I want to face them with all these feelings we're having right now.
Tomoe: Roselia is our driving force... I think you're right.
Tomoe: But for me, it's not only Roselia that fuels me. After hearing what you just said, I think Ako also pushes me forward.
Tomoe: To be honest, I think learning we're gonna do a joint show with Ako, who's gone pro, put me a little on edge.
Tomoe: I've been supporting her and will keep on doing so. That'll never change, but I've got no idea how rough the world of a professional musician can be.
Tomoe: There's Ako, who made the leap into that world... and then there's me. I've never thought to compare the paths we've taken, but I think I've always kinda been aware of them.
Ran: Tomoe...
Tomoe: But, Ran, after hearing what you said, I'm gonna take those feelings to bang my heart out when we play against them. I think that's the most me thing I can do!
Tomoe: Pro, amateur, I'm gonna go beyond all of that and show Ako just how darn cool I am.
Tomoe: If I don't, I won't be able to hang my head high and call myself Ako's eternal rival.
Ran: Right. Admiration, respect, feeling beneath them, rivalry, let's hit them with all our feelings. That's what Afterglow's music is.
Ran: And...
Ran: ... Let's beat Roselia so we can really walk our own path.
Tsugumi, Himari, Moca & Tomoe: Yeah! Alright!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
