event211-02 Chapter 1: Fated Battle

Ran informs everyone about her spur-of-the-moment request to do a joint show.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Next Day - Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tsugumi, Himari, Tomoe & Moca: A joint show with Roselia...!!
Himari: Wh-what brought this on so suddenly? I don't think we've talked about it at all.
Ran: Even I think I've gone and done something pretty impulsive.
Ran: But... it just has to happen now. When I was talking to Minato-san about it, I could barely contain myself...
Moca: I see~. That's our Crimson Lightning for you~.
Ran: ... Sorry for not running this by you guys first. Minato-san's only agreed to it, and we haven't set a date yet... so if you don't want to...
Tomoe: As if you'd really need to ask that.
Ran: Huh...?
Tomoe: Like we'd ever say no. If you're serious about this, then we're ready to stand by you and fight anytime.
Ran: Tomoe...
Tomoe: Besides, we're talking about a joint gig with Roselia. Of course, we wanna do that! Right, Moca?
Moca: Indubitably~. This face off is our destiny and we must see it through~. I'm pumped and raring to go~.
Himari: You said it. I'm all in too! I was surprised because doing a joint show came out of nowhere, but we may never have another chance like this!
Tsugumi: Let's go for it, Ran-chan!
Ran: ... Guys...
Himari: Ah, I can't believe this came just now. It's a message from Lisa-senpai. Let's see~...
Himari: She wrote, "How about the Sunday after next? We'll be free that day"... And there you have it.
Ran: Guys, thanks for letting me be so selfish.
Ran: We just have to play against Roselia. So... let's settle the score with this joint show.
Tsugumi, Himari, Tomoe & Moca: Okay! Right on! Yeah.
Himari: Alright, I'll send a reply. "Great! We're looking forward to it!"
Ran: Hey, there's one more thing I want to do.
Moca: And that would be~?
Ran: ... I want to make a new song. It should be a song that captures how we feel about wanting to settle the score with Roselia now...
Tomoe: I like the sound of that! We're gonna make a song that really jolts the heck outta Roselia!
Tsugumi: Yeah, I agree. Let's do it!
Ran: Thanks, guys.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Music Agency - Studio]

Ako: ... Nnn~, boom! Yukina-san, what do you think of my new drum solo?!
Yukina: It was good. Let's use it in the next show. That is enough for today. Good work, everyone.
Rinko: Ako-chan... every note in the solo you just played... was filled with so much passion... It was very cool...
Ako: Thanks~, Rin-rin! I want to play super cool for the rest of the tour too! I've been practicing a lot~!
Ako: And we're playing a joint show with Afterglow! I'm so, so, sooo excited for it~!
Lisa: Fufu, me too! But I was really shocked when Yukina told us about it~.
Sayo: Yes, this sudden turn of events was very jarring. I wondered why now when we're in the middle of an important nationwide tour...
Yukina: ... I feel... the need to apologize for that.
Lisa: Well, in the end, Sayo, we only decided to do it after talking it over together and consulting with our agency.
Sayo: It is not like I am angry about it. Besides, after hearing the reason behind it just now, I understand why we're doing the joint concert.
Rinko: That time at the beach... you promised... to a show together with Mitake-san... someday, didn't you?
Yukina: Yes, I would like to fulfill our promise, but that is not the only reason.
Rinko: It's for Roselia... to take.. an even greater leap forward...
Yukina: Correct. Previously on the tour, we experienced unprecedented regret.
Yukina: To prevent that from reoccurring, we must face the regrets of that day and continue setting new standards for the ultimate show, always outdoing our current selves.
Yukina: To do that... I felt we needed a new experience. That is why I was moved by the passion in Mitake-san's words when she said we had to play now.
Yukina: Why Mitake-san- Why Afterglow wants to play a joint concert with us now is still a mystery to me.
Yukina: But I believe that fierce spirit of theirs will be the key to helping us take another large step forward.
Yukina: Afterglow never shies away from what they're feeling in the moment; they embrace it head on. For us to do the same, there is no better band for us to face.
Ako: Right?! I think so too! But it's too bad we can't have people come to the show...
Lisa: If we let an audience in, we'll stray from the marketing campaign the agency has created for us.
Sayo: But I think we will have much to gain due to the way this special concert is being organized.
Rinko: Yes, I think so too. I'm glad... Harumi-san agreed... to let us do this... as long as it was... an unofficial concert...
Sayo: I truly appreciate her always making the extra effort to accommodate our requests.
Yukina: Yes, I would like to give our very best for those who support us.
Ako: Of course, we'll do that! Fu fu fu, we shall now bring to a climax... this, um, very long... No, centuries-long... epic battle of...
Rinko: Epic battle between fated rivals...?
Ako: Yeah, that's it! Epic battle between fated rivals~!
Rinko: Fufu... Let's do our best... Ako-chan.
Lisa: Ako, you're pretty fired up, aren't you~? This makes me think of the joint show on that one day.
Rinko: On that day... it was as if Afterglow... was on fire... Their sound... was so raw... so intense... I remember it... very well...
Yukina: A lot of time has passed since that day. During this time, we have continued to evolve without fail.
Yukina: The same time has passed for Afterglow as well, so I am looking forward to seeing how they will challenge us.
