event211-07 Ending: As Though Racing to Bloom

Afterglow has given everything they had. What awaits after the furious battle?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Chiyu Tamade)

[Galaxy - Stage]

Ran: Huff... Huff... Huff... Thank... you...!
Moca: N-no more~...
Lisa: H-hey, are you all okay? You're dripping with sweat and look like you're about to pass out!
Sayo: I can't believe you fell to your knees the moment you finished your set. What an amazing way to pour yourselves into your performance.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... But... we came close to giving the ultimate show, didn't we?
Ran: We did... but we lost this rematch.
Tomoe: We seriously went all out. I mean, we gave everything there was to give... But even... Even after that...!
Ran: ... We couldn't ... We still couldn't reach their level.
Ran: But... it was fun. I had an insanely good time.
Himari: ... Yeah... Me too! I was really worried what about might happen on that last song~.
Ran: You guys went overboard.
Himari: Argh~, you're the one who started going crazy first~!
Moca: But you started zipping through notes too, Hii-chan~. You were like a runaway train about to fly off the tracks~. Right~, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: Haha, you're one to talk. And, Tsugu, you've never played like that before, have you?
Tsugumi: Fufu. I don't think so, but you were incredible too.
Ran: ... To be honest, I'm really torn up about losing, but I'm not disappointed in us. That was an amazing rematch.
Yukina: Mitake-san...
LOCK (Rokka): What?! You didn't lose at all...! Yeah, the last song's tempo was fast, but I could feel the fire in your hearts. You had me trembling like crazy!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, both bands hit with a torrent of fiery emotions. So I'd call this a tie. Y'all both matched each other blow for blow.
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't know. I'd be lying if I didn't say that both performances were really intense... But...
CHU² (Chiyu): A band that gets carried away by their emotions at the very end of their show... can only be called "amateurs."
LOCK (Rokka): CH-CHU²-san!
Tomoe: Nah, CHU² called it. But that's cool. Right, Ran?
Ran: Yeah. This is who we are, and we're fine with that. We're not Roselia or RAS. And we're not Poppin'Party, Hello, Happy World!, Pastel＊Palettes, or Morfonica either...
Ran: Pounding the opponent in front of us with everything we've got is what makes us who we are... That's just Afterglow's style.
Himari: Tomoe... Ran...
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmph... You all really never think about what comes next, but there aren't many bands like yours.
CHU² (Chiyu): I think your passion for playing how you feel in the moment and the teamwork within the band gave way to an authentic groove.
Tomoe: CHU²...
Himari: Thank you, CHU²-chan.
CHU² (Chiyu): It's not like I'm praising you. I was just saying what was on my mind.
Ako: Sis, your drumming was sooo cool... It was the best...!
Ako: But why am having mixed feelings? I want to get better. Better than better. Right now, I'm thinking about how much I don't want to lose to you...!
Rinko: Ako-chan...
Tomoe: I see. I'm happy to hear you say that... Ako.
Tomoe: I've said it before, and I'll say it again. We will continue to always be rivals.
Ako: We will...!
Yukina: Allow me to apologize for one thing.
Yukina: The goal of this joint concert was for Roselia to experience something new that would push us to a higher level. I was trying to use Afterglow like before.
Moca: Well, we figured that much~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan!
Yukina: But... having fully experienced your performance, you've blown away our goal and any other intentions we might have had. We were overwhelmed... That is the truth.
Ran: ... Minato-san...
Yukina: No matter what happens after this, Roselia and Afterglow will be riv-
Ran: It's okay. You don't have to say anymore.
Yukina: ...
Ran: Roselia has always looked toward the top and doesn't pay attention to other bands. Isn't that right?
Ran: That's why I respect Roselia. So please keep your eyes fixed only on the top and never get distracted.
Ran: We'll do the same as we've always done: come at you with our teeth out, ready to bite.
Yukina: ... I believe I mentioned this previously, but we have been heavily influenced by many bands thus far.
Yukina: Today, Afterglow was one of them. You have a sound that sinks its teeth into a person and never lets go. It is a sound that we cannot make.
Yukina: I am not jealous of that, though. Afterglow is a blinding light, and I wish to continue watching you shine. Wouldn't you call someone you feel that way about your rival?
Ran: Please... you've said more than enough...
Ran: I love your songs, and I love Roselia's music.
Yukina: As do I. I can honestly say now that I also love my songs.
Yukina: And I love your songs. I love Afterglow's music.
Ran: Minato-san...
Yukina: It's strange. I think the honest way you express yourself might be taking root in me.
Yukina: We vow to continue being a band that Afterglow can be proud of.
Ran: Sob... Sob... Minato-san...
Yukina: Mitake-san...
Ran: That's... my... line...
Ran: We're going to keep being a band that doesn't let Roselia down. That's... Afterglow's new path!
Yukina: Let's continue moving forward on our paths.
Ran: Yes... And keep our rivalry... going strong.
(White cut)
(Background change)
