event211-04 Chapter 3: The Brilliant People Ahead

Ran is still unable to figure out what Roselia means to her...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Ran: (It's cold... I knew I should've brought my gloves... But it's hard to write with them on...)
Ran: Hrm? Tsugumi.
Tsugumi: Ah, Ran-chan.
Ran: What are you doing? Don't you have student council?
Tsugumi: I did. We finished early today. So then... I wanted to get some fresh air...
Ran: Oh, I see... I'm taking a breather too.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I guess we both needed one.
Tsugumi: Ugh~... It really is freezing up here. It's strange, though, isn't it? Even though it's cold, you still want to come.
Ran: True. Maybe all those sunsets we've seen here give us strength...
Tsugumi: I know what you mean. It feels like if I'm here, I can figure out my feelings.
Ran: Yeah...
Ran: ... Hey, Tsugumi...
Tsugumi: Yeah?
Ran: I really do want to beat Roselia and prove to them that we're the best.
Tsugumi: I know.
Ran: But it's more than that. Whatever it is, though... I can't seem to figure it out.
Ran: I guess maybe them being called "professional" musicians bothers me...
Ran: We're all teens, but somehow I feel like we lack the same kind of strong resolve Roselia has... in dedicating themselves to being musicians.
Tsugumi: They made their major debut while they were still in high school. It's only natural to be intimidated by that.
Ran: But I don't believe for one second that we're any less serious about playing the greatest show ever.
Ran: That said... I don't have the faintest idea what the future holds for us afterward. If someone asked me if I wanted to turn pro like Roselia, I don't think I'd say yes.
Ran: It makes me wonder what kind of sound a band that only lives in the moment can even make when facing against Roselia...
Tsugumi: ...
Ran: Sorry, I started talking about something I can't explain well again.
Tsugumi: It's okay. Thank you for trying. I think I might feel the same as you. Only for me, it's Hina-senpai.
Ran: Huh?
Tsugumi: I'm surrounded by so many truly incredible people. Whenever I see them ahead of me, I always feel motivated to work harder and catch up to them.
Tsugumi: I especially think Hina-senpai is really special. I look up to her and wish I could be like her.
Tsugumi: But the more I think about that, the more I realize that I can't be like her... That's why I felt I wasn't cut out to be student council president.
Tsugumi: But I decided to run because there are things I want to protect.
Tsugumi: So now I think I have to accept all my feelings, like my fears of losing the election and my desire to win it, and just move forward.
Ran: ...!
Tsugumi: Okay, I've made up my mind!
Tsugumi: Would you hold this paper down here so it doesn't get blown away?
Ran: Sure. This paper is...
Tsugumi: It's the application to run for student council president. Actually, every time I've tried to fill it out, I'd get so nervous that I couldn't do it... But now I can write it.
Ran: ... You really are amazing, Tsugumi.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan... But I can only think like this because I've been watching you from behind for so long.
Tsugumi: So you're just as amazing.
Ran: Fufu... Is that so?
Tsugumi: ... Alright, I've filled it out! Thank you.
Ran: You're welcome.
Ran: You know, I had no idea you looked up to Hina-san like that. I mean, every day she's such a hassle to deal with.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Yeah, ever since she became student council president, every day has been a dizzying roller coaster of events...
Tsugumi: She does things you wouldn't even believe, and her endless impossible requests are nerve-racking... But those are also the things that make her who she is.
Tsugumi: I can't help but love those things about her.
Ran: ... I get it.
Ran: I'm likely the same way.
Tsugumi: I'm too embarrassed to tell her how I feel, though.
Ran: Isn't that fine? Letting her know how you feel would just go in one ear and out the other.
Tsugumi: Fufu, maybe.
Ran: Do you have some time after this?
Tsugumi: Yeah, why?
Ran: I think I can come up with a good phrase. Would you do some solo practice with me?
Tsugumi: Sure, of course!
