event211-01 Opening: Not "Whenever"

The third-years will soon graduate. Ran recalls a promise made during summer.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Ran: Ughhh... It's so cold...
Ran: (My hands are freezing. I'm going to have to start wearing some gloves soon... Hrm? There aren't many people around...)
Lisa: Morning~, Ran! It's another chilly day~☆
Ran: Lisa-san, good morning. I see Minato-san's not with you.
Lisa: Right~. Yukina's free to study on her own now.
Lisa: You know, students who've finished their exams only have to show up for the graduation ceremony. So until then, it doesn't matter if they come to school or not.
Ran: I see. That explains things.
Lisa: So since I haven't finished my exams yet, I've still gotta come to school... Ahaha~.
Ran: Um... I'm sure you're really busy right now, but please do your best. I hope you do well.
Lisa: Thanks~. I've gotta study hard!
Lisa: But even if I pass my exams, I'm still gonna come to school as much as I can.
Ran: Huh? Why?
Lisa: Because this place is filled with good memories. I wanna be a high school student up until the very last second.
Lisa: Yikes, the first bell rang. I guess we better get moving.
Ran: (... Right. It's already that time of the year. In spring, the third-year students will graduate.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Moca: Mmm~, Yamabuki Bakery's melon buns are at the top of their game today too~.
Himari: Jeez~, how many have you had already? Don't blame me if all that bread makes you sleepy in class this afternoon.
Tomoe: Man, Tsugu's running pretty late. Lunchtime is gonna end soon.
Tsugumi: I-I'm sorry~. Thanks for waiting for me.
Himari: I'm glad you made it~. I was starting to worry we wouldn't have time to eat lunch~.
Ran: You're pretty busy getting ready for the student council elections.
Tsugumi: Things should calm down a bit once this is over... Right now, I'm preparing for the elections, plus there are meetings about this semester's council activities.
Tomoe: Man~, I still can't believe you said you wanna run for student council president.
Moca: Student Council President Tsugumi Hazawa burst onto the scene~! The age of Afterglow's reign over Haneoka has finally come~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, you're getting a little ahead of things. I'm not sure if I can win... I mean, to be honest, I still haven't even submitted my paperwork.
Himari: Hrm? So you haven't turned in your application to run yet. I thought for sure you would've already taken care of that.
Tsugumi: Well... I've been busy lately and haven't had the time... But I do want to become student council president. I'd like to support the school I love the best way I can.
Tomoe: That's the spirit, Tsugu~! We're gonna do whatever it takes to help ya!
Himari: I know! We can all wear headbands and cheer for you during the elections~!
Ran: What? Let's not...
Himari: Awww~, but why not~?! We could make matching happi coats too~!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... It would be embarrassing if you all wore happi coats, but I'm really happy you'll support me. Ah, that reminds me. Everyone, look at this.
Moca: Hmm~? A copy of this month's issue of Melody Musix? Oh wow~, it's got a special article on Roselia~.
Tomoe: It's a write-up about their nationwide tour. This article has a bunch of pages. Hey, there are pictures from Osaka in here too.
Himari: This picture of Lisa-senpai's side profile during a show is sooo cool~! They really do look like a professional band when you see them like this.
Moca: Golly, they're already worlds away from us~.
Ran: (Worlds away...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: Let's do it then. A joint concert. Whenever you want... I insist.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: (That day, we made a promise to each other... but I wonder when we'll make good on it.)
Ran: (Roselia will keep moving forward as professional musicians, and Minato-san will graduate in spring... When that happens...)
Tsugumi: Ran-chan? What's wrong? You were spacing out.
Ran: Ah, sorry. What is it?
Himari: We were talking about how we have to bring just as much energy to our GBT show as Roselia is to their tour!
Ran: ... No doubt. Let's do the same as always and play the best show ever.
Ran: (... It's no use thinking about it. I just have to trust "that day" will come. Until then, Afterglow will walk its own path.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

Ran: (... Ugh, it looks like it's going to snow... I better leave now...)
Ran: (Hrm...? Someone's singing...? Maybe it's...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Music Room]

Ran: (So it was Minato-san... She's singing with such a relaxed and confident voice, but it's so powerful...)
Ran: (... Wait, is she singing better than before...? No, I'm not imagining things. Her voice has gotten even more incredible since their tour started.)
Yukina: ... Mitake-san, why are you standing there?
Ran: Ah, I, uh... heard someone singing and came to take a peak... Sorry to interrupt while you're practicing.
Yukina: It is fine. I was only working on some minor adjustments.
Ran: Oh. I thought you didn't have to come to school anymore...
Yukina: There were some papers I had forgotten to submit, so I came to school in the afternoon.
Ran: I see...
Yukina: ... This is a little strange. I mean, for the both of us to be here, that is. I feel like we have always spoken together on the roof.
Ran: Well, yeah. But I think we've casually talked in other places too.
Yukina: I suppose so... But for me, the roof is where I have memories of us.
Ran: ... Memories of us...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: Let's do it, then. A joint concert. Whenever you want... I insist.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Minato-san...
Ran: I want to do a show together...! And not "whenever"... Now!
Yukina: ...
