event91-01 Opening: Letting Out Coinciding Sighs

Sayo finds herself distressed in the library after school. She sees Aya in the library, too, in a similar state of worry...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Library]

Sayo: ... This is quite the conundrum.
Sayo: I have no idea where to begin looking. Perhaps I should have enlisted the help of someone more knowledgeable. However...
Aya: Ooo~, I'm totally lost~.
Aya: Imperfective form, conjunctive form, predicative form, perfective form, imperative form. Adjectives are conjugated as "ku ku shi ki kere"... Nnn... It all sounds like nonsense to me...
Aya & Sayo: Sigh... What should I do~? Sigh... What should I do?
Sayo: ... Hm?
Aya: Ah, Sayo-chan!
Sayo: Maruyama-san. How rare to see you in the library after school hours.
Aya: I thought I'd do some review, so I came to borrow the material I needed.
Aya: How about you, Sayo-chan? It looks like something is bothering you.
Sayo: Indeed. The truth is...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Hour Ago]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Rinko: A One Hundred Poems tournament...? Like the card game...?
Classical Literature Teacher: Yes, that's right. Would the student council be willing to hold one as part of our classical literature studies?
Classical Literature Teacher: You see, everyone's classical literature scores are suffering right now, but I know that it would be unrealistic to expect that to change overnight.
Sayo: So you hope the students will learn more about classical literature by playing a game that uses classical poems from One Hundred Poems.
Rinko: I suppose... having students in charge... would encourage others to join...
Rinko: Alright. The student council... will try its best... to put on the tournament...!
Classical Literature Teacher: Really? Thank you! I'm counting on you all.
Rinko: Understood...!
Sayo: ... Are you sure about accepting this task so readily?
Rinko: Yes. I'm sure the rest of the student council... will support the idea.
Sayo: I am more concerned about your well-being, Shirokane-san.
Sayo: In addition to your usual student council duties, the number of rehearsals we have with Roselia will almost certainly increase to prepare for Future World Fes.
Sayo: Placing additional responsibilities on top of your already busy schedule isn't going to be too much, is it?
Rinko: I will... t-try my best...!
Sayo: Unfortunately, what worries me the most is that "try my best" attitude of yours... Sigh. I suppose I have no choice...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Library]

Aya: ... So you took on the responsibility of setting up the tournament instead.
Sayo: Correct. However... I am unfamiliar with both One Hundred Poems and the planning of events, so I am not sure how to proceed.
Sayo: Then again, it is related to our schoolwork, so perhaps I should not be overly concerned.
Sayo: So long as we finalize an appropriate date and venue for the tournament, I imagine the event will run relatively smoothly...
Aya: A tournament... Wow! That's so cool, Sayo-chan!
Aya: It's amazing how much the student council and the teachers are looking out for all of us!
Sayo: Us...?
Aya: Yeah, I've actually been having trouble studying for my upcoming classical literature quiz.
Aya: It may be my native language and all, but it feels like I'm starting from square one! No matter how hard I try, I can't seem to make any progress.
Aya: But with a One Hundred Poems tournament, even I can have fun studying!
Sayo: Our teacher said that was the goal of the event.
Sayo: In any case, it's as you said, Maruyama-san. Many students are struggling in this particular subject. I just hope this tournament is a success...
Aya: Hey, I have an idea! Sayo-chan, do you mind if I helped out with the preparations?
Sayo: I would have no qualms with it, but... may I ask what brought about this sudden interest?
Aya: Participating is fine and all, but I think pitching in with the planning will help make it even more fun and educational!
Aya: Ah, not that I'm only doing it for my sake!
Aya: By helping you, I'm also helping myself! And I think that's a total win-win situation!
Aya: So yeah! Please let me lend a hand!
Sayo: ... Sigh. Very well.
Sayo: I must admit that I could certainly use your assistance. Thank you, Maruyama-san.
Aya: No problem! Alright, let's get to it! The teacher did say she'd lend us some cards if we asked...!
Sayo: Here? We cannot play in the library, and moreover, we need at least three players for this game.
Aya: We'll just have to hunt down someone who's willing to join us, then! Hang on a second. I have to put these books back...!
Sayo: Ah, Maruyama-san...! Goodness, I hope this all works out...
