event91-05 Chapter 4: What I Should Do

Aya and Kannon start working on the poetry guide. Realizing how overwhelming the workload is, Sayo takes a certain action.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Library]

Sayo: This, and... this. These will be needed as well. What other materials would prove useful...?
Rinko: Hikawa-san, good afternoon... Are you searching for... books related to... the One Hundred Poems?
Sayo: Yes. I am trying to gather materials that are very easily understood, but it is proving to be more difficult than I expected.
Rinko: That's because there are... a lot of books on the subject... Uhm, would you like me to... help you look...?
Sayo: That won't be necessary. I should be able to-
Sayo: (Maybe Shirokane-san is right. Leaving this to her... would allow me to focus on other matters...)
Sayo: ... Actually, I... could use your help. If possible, would you mind...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Thirty Minutes Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Aya: "At the break of day..." What's that mean again? Hm, I think the modern translation was in-...
Kanon: This book? Here you go.
Aya: Thanks~! Sorry, here I am taking up all this time when I was the one who suggested we do things this way.
Aya: Just trying to understand these poems is hard enough. This isn't going as smoothly as I thought.
Kanon: No, think nothing of it. Although, I am a little worried about being able to finish on time.
Aya: It's okay! I'll make sure it all gets done!
Aya: Everyone is going to have a blast once they get a load of these guidebooks! I won't let this chance go to waste!
Sayo: Good work, everyone. How much progress have you made?
Newspaper Club Member 1・2: Good afternoon.
Aya: Sayo-chan. And you all are from... the student council, I take it? Nice to see you!
Kanon: Are you about to have a meeting? Would you like for us to step outside?
Sayo: No, these two are from the newspaper club. I have asked them to assist you in creating the guidebooks.
Newspaper Club Member 1: We can help with the printing and binding of the guidebooks!
Newspaper Club Member 2: If there is anything you need, please do not hesitate to ask.
Sayo: I also had Shirokane-san ask the library committee to procure and organize any materials that may prove useful.
Sayo: They will provide you with easy-to-understand interpretations and modern translations, so that you may create your guidebooks with ease.
Kanon: The library committee is joining in too? Wow...!
Sayo: ... This was actually one of my concerns from the beginning.
Sayo: The ideas you two proposed were exceptional. However, it is simply far too much work to expect from so few people.
Sayo: It would have been impossible to complete our task in time, so I began to think of any solutions I could to avoid that outcome.
Aya: So you went out to find people to pitch in for us?
Sayo: Yes. I am not inconveniencing you, am I?
Aya: No way! Not at all! This is a huge help!
Aya: Thanks so much, Sayo-chan! If we all put our heads together, I know we can pull this event off!
Sayo: Yes, I have no doubt that we can.
Aya: Hehehe. Alright, let's get to it~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Night]

[Aya's Room]

Aya: Add my impressions here... And tomorrow, I'll ask the library committee if they can find some extra resources for me.
Aya: Up next is... Hm? Oh, Chisato-chan is calling.
Aya: Hello? Chisato-chan? What's up?
Chisato: Good evening. I apologize for calling so late.
Chisato: I received the preliminary survey for our upcoming variety show appearance, as well as the script for the TV commercial today. I'll bring your copies with me to school tomorrow.
Aya: You will? Thanks a ton!
Chisato: You're welcome. So, how is the guidebook coming along? Have you made any progress?
Aya: How did you know about that...?! Wait, I know. You must have heard it from Kanon-chan.
Aya: Thankfully, everything is going according to plan. I'm finally starting to understand these poems and what kind of mood they evoke, so I'm having a blast!
Chisato: Oh my, you seem fairly confident. In that case, perhaps you could read me a poem that suits the mood right now.
Aya: Huh?! I, uhm... Ah, how about this one?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: "See how clear and bright... Is the moonlight finding ways... Through the riven clouds... That, with drifting autumn wind... Gracefully float in the sky..."
Chisato: "Moonlight peaks through the clouds drifting along an autumn wind. How can I even begin to describe the beauty of such pristine radiance?" ... How accurate was my impression?
Chisato: ... Although tonight's moon is a little hard to see behind the clouds.
Aya: True. But it's still very beautiful.
Chisato: Yes, I agree.
Chisato: The two of us, viewing the same moon together. It almost feels like a moon-viewing party.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Now that sounds like fun! Maybe I should go grab some dango and tea.
Chisato: You can do that tomorrow. As I always say, avoid skipping breakfast, late-night snacking, and eating between meals.
Aya: Yeah, I know. Don't worry.
Aya: ... This really is something special, though.
Aya: Sure, there aren't any snacks. And we're both in different places, but here we are... chatting with each other and staring at the same night sky.
Chisato: It also feels somewhat strange, but... I suppose this sort of moon-viewing will do just fine.
Aya: Agreed! Hehehe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
