event91-06 Chapter 5: All In This Together

With the help of Sayo and the others, Aya and Kanon finish making the guide to the 100 Japanese poems.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Aya: Alright, I'm all done with this page.
Aya: How are things on your end, Kanon-chan?
Kanon: Going pretty well. Just need to add a little more color here, and... done!
Aya: Wow, that's amazing! Your art is always so beautiful, Kanon-chan!
Kanon: Hehehe, you really think so?
Aya: Let's try to keep up this pace! The next poem is~...
Kanon: Hm? That was the last one.
Aya: Th-that means...
Aya: Ooo~, we actually finished on time...!
Kanon: What a relief. We couldn't have done it without all that extra help.
Aya: You said it! We'd better be sure to tell everyone how grateful we are.
Aya: All that's left now is to print and bind the guidebooks. Do you think everyone will like them? Oh man, this is so exciting♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Hallway]

Aya: We will be holding a One Hundred Poems tournament here at school~! Please stop by and participate~!
Kanon: We've made special guidebooks that introduce you to all of the poems. Please feel free to take one~.
Rimi: A One Hundred Poems tournament... I didn't know we were doing that this year.
Saya: Is this the poster? It says they're still recruiting players.
Rimi: You're right. Too bad I don't know anything about classical literature.
Arisa: You're not the only one. I'm sure that's why they made those guidebooks.
Kokoro: Now that sounds interesting! I'm going to get one for myself!
Kasumi: Me too, me too~! Aya-senpai, one guidebook please!
Aya: Okay! Here you go.
Kasumi: Thank you so much! Wow! The pages are all so cute and colorful~!
Arisa: Really? Let me see. They've even got modern translations. And what's more... Hahaha. What's with these modern phrases?
Hagumi: "This place used to sell swimsuits, but now all they have is dango for moon-viewing parties. Looks like fall is finally here~."
Hagumi: Hahaha, I totally get it! Nothing makes me realize it's fall more than when I put pumpkin croquettes on display!
Saya: Did you write this one, Aya-senpai?
Aya: I sure did! And Kanon-chan is behind all the cute artwork!
Rimi: I really like the drawings here. The delicate strokes and choice of color give off a warm, comfy feeling.
Arisa: Yeah, these all have a really nice feel to them. Classical literature is a subject that's usually stiff and hard to get into, but you've managed to make it accessible somehow.
Kokoro: She's right! It's like a pretty picture book!
Kanon: Really? I'm glad you think so.
Aya: Everyone seems super into our guidebooks.
Aya: Do you think we'll be able to appeal to people who don't normally like classical literature?
Kanon: I think we already have. Our "One Hundred Poems Guidebook" is a success!
Aya: Yeah!
Chisato: My goodness. Look at this crowd.
Aya: Chisato-chan!
Chisato: I came by to see the fruits of your labor. May I have a copy for myself?
Aya: Of course! Here you are!
Chisato: Thank you.
Chisato: It seems the rumors are true, you've certainly made something special. Both the writing and the drawings are very easy to understand. I can't wait to read through it all.
Chisato: Aya-chan, Kanon. You've really outdone yourselves.
Aya: H-hehehe... Thank you, Chisato-chan!
Aya: But it's me who should be thanking you. I mean, you were the one who brought it up to Kanon-chan in the first place!
Aya: Thank you, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: Fufu. You're welcome.
