event91-07 Ending: Dream Chaser and Boat Steerer

It's the day before the karuta tournament. As Aya and Sayo reflect on the experience, they tell each other how they feel.

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa)

[One Hundred Poems Tournament - The Day Before]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Aya & Hagumi: Let's begin!
Chisato: Why am I the reader...? Oh well, no sense worrying about that now. Okay, here we go. "The winds of heaven... Blow through paths among the clouds..."
Sayo: Shirasagi-san is fully at the mercy of those two.
Sayo: I told them that this was simply supposed to be practice for the real event.
Kanon: Fufu. But look at how much fun they're having. Good luck, you guys~!
Sayo: Good grief... We don't have much time, so please limit your game to one match only.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Hagumi: Awww, I can't believe it~! I totally thought I had that one!
Kanon: It was a very close game. I was just watching, and even I was on the edge of my seat.
Sayo: Indeed. It was a wonderful match where both parties were giving it their all.
Chisato: The final stretch was especially intense.
Aya: I only won by a single card. Besides, today was just practice... Tomorrow is the real deal!
Hagumi: And I'm going to be bringing home the gold!
Aya: I won't go down so easily!
Hagumi: I believe it! Anyway, I'm heading this way!
Kanon: Ah. Wait, Hagumi-chan. I need to do some shopping, so I'll go with you.
Kanon: Alright, see you guys tomorrow.
Chisato: See you tomorrow.
Hagumi: Bye-bye~!
Aya: Bye-bye~! Phew... So tomorrow's the big day~. I'm feeling pretty excited!
Sayo: You aren't nervous about how it might turn out?
Chisato: I know that is how I would be feeling.
Aya: A part of me is worried, of course. But since everyone had a hand in setting up the event, I just know it'll all work out!
Sayo: To have such unwavering confidence... Maruyama-san, I must say that I'm impressed.
Aya: Huh?! It's not like I did anything special!
Aya: I only feel that way because of all the people who helped us out... I'd just, you know, like for things to turn out and all that...!
Sayo: And yet that is precisely why I am so impressed.
Sayo: When I was tasked with preparing the tournament, my one and only concern was ensuring that it would run without any issues.
Sayo: You, however, were able to recruit the aid of those around and elevate the event to even greater heights...
Chisato: She's right, and this wasn't the first time. Aya-chan is always like that.
Sayo: She's a little unreliable at times, but she's always the one to stand up and pull us all forward. It is through that encouragement that she is able to stand tall...
Sayo: You are never alone, Maruyama-san. That is your greatest strength, and part of your charm.
Aya: I think you're describing yourself, Sayo-chan!
Aya: This event is further proof that you are such an amazing person. You're the one who taught me to use the people around me to help get the job done.
Aya: The one who took charge and made the tournament a reality was you... So yeah, I know this for a fact! If I'm amazing, then, Sayo-chan, you're even more amazing!
Chisato: You both think so highly of each other. The funny thing is that I believe you are both correct.
Chisato: Aya-chan, the ideas you come up with are splendid, but they tend to stop short of actually being executed. They always remain as dreams.
Chisato: In order to make those dreams into a reality, it is necessary to find an individual skilled in ironing out all the details and putting the plan into motion.
Sayo: I do not believe that applies to me in any-
Chisato: Come now, you don't have to be so humble.
Sayo: Sigh... If I must.
Sayo: You called them "dreams" before. I suppose that is an accurate description of her thought process.
Sayo: Maruyama-san. You've mentioned a "dream notebook" in the past. Do you still have it?
Chisato: That's the notebook you use to list all your hopes and dreams, correct?
Aya: Yeah, I still write in it!
Aya: The stuff I add keeps getting grander and grander... Maybe that's why I never seem to get any of them done.
Sayo: Yet you still refuse to give up.
Aya: Of course not! Because someday, I'll make every single one of them come true!
Sayo: (Those are not empty words. She truly believes what she is saying. In her mind, all of her dreams are goals that will be inevitably realized.)
Sayo: (We're aiming toward different directions. And that's why... I still have so much to learn from the way she thinks.)
Sayo: That is a relief to hear. Maruyama-san. Let's continue trying our best.
Aya: Yeah!
Chisato: Fufu... Well, then. Dreams are fine and all, but first, you should focus on the tournament tomorrow. That is another important goal of yours, is it not?
Sayo: Yes, you're right. One step at a time, as they say.
Aya: Well said! Alright, let's get back to work!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Hundred Poems Tournament - Main Event]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Broadcasting Student: And now, the head of the tournament organization committee will share a few words.
Kanon: Good luck, Sayo-chan!
Chisato: We look forward to your speech.
Sayo: Yes... Thank you so much, everyone. I must be off now...
Sayo: And now, let the One Hundred Poems Tournament begin!
