event91-04 Chapter 3: Making a Guide... Again!

Aya and the others discuss making an introductory guide to the 100 Japanese poems that come up in the uta-garuta game.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Sayo: A sakura party guidebook?
Aya: Right! We made some back when we held a sakura party this one time!
Kanon: We wrote about poems related to sakura and the authors that wrote them.
Kanon: Maya-chan, Lisa-chan, and Ran-chan, the ones who came to the party, seemed to like them.
Aya: Yeah! That's why I think we could do something similar and make guidebooks that get people naturally interested in One Hundred Poems!
Sayo: In that case, the guides would be about Japanese poetry.
Sayo: This will both advertise the event and allow our target audience to engage with classical literature without feeling overwhelmed. I must admit that this seems like a splendid idea.
Kanon: You really think so? That's great to hear.
Aya: Alright, let's plan out how we're going to make these guidebooks! We'll take our ideas from the sakura party and make them even better!
Kanon: Okay! We've got this!
(Black cut)

[Thirty Minutes Later]

Aya: Hm~. Here's what we have so far.
Sayo: A list of poems, simple profiles for the poets, and a list of manga or movies that are about One Hundred Poems...
Kanon: I think we should also add a modern translation like Aya-chan suggested.
Sayo: A translation? Would an explanation not suffice?
Aya: I'd prefer something really simple and easy to understand. Explaining the material might get kind of wordy and hard to understand.
Sayo: Do you really think so?
Kanon: Hmmm... Let's see what we can come up with. For example, this poem right here...
Kanon: "Coarse the rush-mat roof... Sheltering the harvest-hut... Of the autumn rice-field... And my sleeves are growing wet... With the moisture dripping through."
Sayo: "Due to its roughly-woven structure, the roof of the storage shed near the rice field is filled with holes. As a result, the evening mist that seeped through has left my sleeves damp."
Sayo: I believe that provides an adequate explanation.
Aya: Yeah! That's just like what was written in the book I read!
Aya: But that's still kinda tough to understand, don't you think? If we were to boil it down, I think the main idea is something like: "I'm freezing because of the wind leaking in~..." Right?
Sayo: In its simplest form, yes.
Kanon: In other words, we should go beyond just a modern translation and come up with something that we'd write ourselves.
Aya: Exactly! That's what I was going for!
Aya: So for example, if we take the same poem...
Aya: "When we were filming the other day, they had us wait in this little holding area, but the doors and windows wouldn't shut tight. I was freezing because the cold air kept getting in~!" ... How's that?
Kanon: Fufu, I can already see Aya-chan all huddled up, trying to stay warm.
Sayo: No doubt that example was quite easy to visualize. As for the content itself... I feel that it may be slightly different than what was intended.
Aya: Huh?! Really?
Sayo: Ah, not that it's anything to be overly concerned about.
Sayo: Poems can be interpreted in a variety of ways. Your vision of the material is undoubtedly one of those variations, Maruyama-san.
Aya: Ah, okay. That's a relief~!
Kanon: But trying to do something like that for all one hundred poems sounds like a lot of hard work.
Aya: In that case... Hmmm... What if we only did the modern translation for a few poems, and then for the rest, we summarize them in one simple phrase?
Kanon: Great idea! We could also add a simple drawing to help flesh out the poem and drive the point being made home.
Kanon: How does... this look?
Sayo: A jellyfish... with the chills?
Aya: Wow~! That's so cute!
Sayo: Adding a supplementary illustration does change the feel of the book.
Kanon: Ehehe. You think so?
Aya: So we'll have a modern take on the content and our own personal impressions. Throw in Kanon-chan's cute art, and we have our One Hundred Poems Guidebook!
Aya: This will work for sure! Or at least, I hope it does... Any thoughts, Sayo-chan?
Sayo: Let me think...
Sayo: (What I am most concerned about is time. Can we handle such a large workload before the tournament?)
Sayo: (I already have my hands full, so I would not be able to provide much assistance. Therefore, the most appropriate course of action is...)
Kanon: Sayo-chan? Uhm, will this do?
Sayo: ... Yes, of course. Could I possibly task you two with the completion of these guidebooks?
Aya: Sure!
Kanon: Thanks, Sayo-chan.
Sayo: I am the one who should be thanking you. Good luck.
Aya: Ehehe. Alright, let's get this show on the road~!
