event91-02 Chapter 1: How to Play Uta-Garuta

Aya has decided to help Sayo set up a karuta tournament. But before that, they need to experience playing the uta-garuta card game first.

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Hallway]

Sayo: Are we really going to find a third player so easily?
Aya: Of course! It'll all work out! Let's see, who looks like they would want to join in...
Aya: Ah! What good timing! Hey, Chisato-chan~!
Chisato: Oh, Aya-chan. Sayo-chan. What is it?
Aya: Hey, Chisato-chan. Want to play One Hundred Poems with us?!
Chisato: That's quite the unexpected invite. Unfortunately, I have work after this.
Aya: Ah, right. You have a shoot today, don't you? That's too bad.
Chisato: I truly am sorry. I would have very much liked to participate.
Chisato: ... By the way, Aya-chan. You haven't gotten yourself mixed up in something outlandish again, have you?
Aya: Eep... I, uh... Hahaha.. Haha... No, it's nothing like that!
Sayo: My apologies. It was my fault for dragging her into this.
Sayo: The student council is planning a One Hundred Poems tournament, and I was the one who enlisted her help.
Chisato: I see. Come to think of it, I do recall the classical literature teacher saying she wanted to do something like that.
Chisato: I suppose it was unavoidable, then. I'm sure Aya-chan immediately threw herself at the project without a second thought, yes?
Aya: Ooh, how did you know~?!
Sayo: No, I'm the one who-...!
Chisato: Fufu, I was just teasing. Don't worry, Sayo-chan.
Chisato: Aya-chan, if you're going to do this, try to do so with the goal of improving your grades in mind. Okay?
Aya: You got it! I can handle that much...! Probably...
Chisato: I hope so. Best of luck to you both.
Aya: Yeah! See yah~!
(Black cut)

[Fifteen Minutes Later]

Aya: We asked around, but... it doesn't look like anyone was able to help us out.
Sayo: Perhaps it simply wasn't meant to be. Most of the students still at school are busy with club activities.
Aya: Hmmm, this is terrible.
Hagumi: What's terrible?
Aya: Ah! Hagumi-chan... and Kanon-chan!
Kanon: Chisato-chan told us what you're up to. She asked us to help out if we had time.
Hagumi: So we came here to ask what you need!
Aya: You guys are the best! I'll have to thank Chisato-chan later!
Sayo: I suggest we move this conversation to the student council room. I'll explain matters there.
Aya: Good idea! Alright, to the student council room~!
Hagumi: Go~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Student Council Room]

Sayo: Now, please memorize the positions of both your cards and your opponent's.
Hagumi: Okay!
Sayo: You have exactly 15 minutes. Begin!
Sayo: ... My apologies, Matsubara-san. I feel guilty for involving the both of you in this.
Kanon: No problem. I'm having a lot of fun.
Kanon: But to be honest, I didn't expect to help out by playing One Hundred Poems.
Sayo: Understandable. The student council is planning the tournament, but I was unsure of how to initially approach the project.
Sayo: That is when Maruyama-san suggested that we try playing the game ourselves.
Kanon: I see. That sounds very much like Aya-chan.
Sayo: Indeed. Now... Time's up. Let's begin the match, everyone.
Aya: Alright!
Sayo: "The short summer night is already over, though I thought it was evening still..."
Aya: Summer night, summer night...
Hagumi: Hm? I don't think we have that card.
Sayo: ... Are you two perhaps searching for the first half of the poem?
Kanon: Hahaha... You see, with One Hundred Poems, you're supposed to look for the other half of the verse. It's a continuation of what was said aloud earlier.
Aya: What?! I have no idea what that would be~.
Kanon: Don't worry. The missing half will be read aloud too.
Aya: Really?! Alright, lets go~.
Sayo: "Where in the clouds, I wonder if the moon will stay..."
Hagumi: Got it!
Aya: Huh?!
Kanon: Wait, did Hagumi-chan grab the card just now? My eyes couldn't even keep up...!
Hagumi: Hehehe~! I may not know much about the One Hundred Poems, but I'm pretty good at matching card games like karuta!
Sayo: That was an incredibly fast reaction. Though I believe the rules for One Hundred Poems are somewhat different.
Kanon: Hahaha... But it's not like she cheated, so why don't we allow it?
Aya: Yeah! Let's just keep playing!
Aya: Alright, the next card is gonna be mine~!
