event91-03 Chapter 2: Making It Fun!

After having a go at the uta-garuta card game, Aya and the group start hammering out the details to the tournament.

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Student Council Room]

Hagumi: Whoa, is it that time already?! I have to go home and watch the store!
Hagumi: Aya-senpai, be sure to invite me the next time you play! Later, guys! Bye-bye~!
Aya: Sure thing! See yah, Hagumi-chan!
Aya: ... Sigh. I'm glad she had fun and all, but I got absolutely destroyed~.
Kanon: Hagumi-chan was really fast. I had trouble keeping up when it was my turn.
Aya: Yeah, but I won't give up! Next time, I'll try even harder!
Kanon: Fufu, that's the spirit. Let's give it our all.
Sayo: It seems increasing our understanding of the game through a fun practice round was a success.
Sayo: Let's wrap up the game for now. We need to move on and discuss the actual tournament details.
Aya: Time to get down to business, I guess. The first thing we need to decide is the date... right?
Kanon: Mhm. That and choosing a venue.
Sayo: Exactly. We need to establish the following three items: time, place, and content.
Sayo: Our main goal is helping students become more familiar with classical literature and the materials taught in class. At the latest, we should aim for the middle of this month.
Sayo: As for the venue... I believe any standard classroom will do. Holding an event on such short notice means it's unlikely to be large in scale.
Sayo: We will also need to hang posters around the school, as well as solicit participation from as many-
Aya & Kanon: ...
Sayo: Is something the matter?
Kanon: No, no! I'm just not used to taking part in such an in-depth planning process, is all. I was a little surprised.
Aya: Me too! You really are amazing, Sayo-chan!
Aya: Whenever I discuss anything with other people, we always end up trailing off topic.
Kanon: Same here. Our conversations in Hello, Happy World! never end on the same subject as when we started.
Aya: I know exactly what you mean! Pastel＊Palettes' latest meeting was-
Sayo: I see, so this is the derailment you were referring to.
Sayo: I appreciate the enthusiasm, but we do not have much time. Once you have finished your chat, we should be moving on.
Aya: Ah! R-right! Sorry about that!
Aya: Hm? But wait, I think you wrapped up what we need to do rather nicely, Sayo-chan.
Sayo: I also wish to hear feedback from both of you. Think of it as providing your opinions as prospective tournament participants.
Aya: Hmmm... Our opinions as participants, huh...? I guess one suggestion I have is...
Aya: ... Finding a way to convince people to join.
Sayo: What do you mean?
Aya: This tournament was originally made to help get people interested in classical literature, right?
Aya: So in other words, they probably want people like me who aren't very interested or good at the subject...
Kanon: Ah... I see what you mean. The people we're trying to target may want to stay away from a subject they're bad at...
Aya: Right. I know for a fact that I wouldn't want to try something I'm bad at just because I saw some random poster.
Sayo: In that case, what if participation was made mandatory for those with unsatisfactory grades?
Aya: That will make them hate the subject even more~!
Sayo: True, but this entire endeavor will become meaningless if our target audience does not participate.
Aya: Exactly! Which is why we need to think of a way for them to think the tournament will be fun! That's the key!
Sayo: ...! Of course... It all makes sense now...
Aya: I realized it when we were playing earlier. If you don't know the context of the writing, One Hundred Poems is just a game of memorizing the phrase and finding the right card.
Aya: I imagine there a lot of people like me out there who don't know much classical literature at all.
Aya: So the first and most important step is to make knowing the material the fun part!
Sayo: ... I see what you mean. However, in that case, would they not still need to study some of the material beforehand?
Aya: Yeah~. That's the part I can't figure out~.
Sayo: In order to enjoy the game, some level of knowledge is required, but we also want them to enjoy the act of acquiring said knowledge. It's quite the paradox.
Aya: But there must be some way to make it work! A way to make learning naturally interesting...!
Aya & Sayo: Hmmm...
Kanon: Uhm... what if we made a guidebook?
Sayo: A what?
Aya: Ah...!
Aya: A guidebook! That's it! Why didn't I think of that?!
Aya: It's perfect! Let's do it! We'll make a guidebook for the One Hundred Poems Tournament!
Sayo: (A guidebook...? What exactly are they planning?)
