27_Moca Aoba_R3 Childhood Friends

Gacha phrase: I think tomorrow will be a good day, Ran.

<Ran & Moca's Special Place>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba)

Moca: What a beautiful morning~. It'd suck to be stuck in a classroom on a day like this.
Ran: Yeah... I guess so. I'd rather not be trapped in that box.
Moca: Today, we'll have free time up here~. Just kidding~.
Ran: ... Footsteps near the entrace? Let's hide in the back.
Moca: ...! Someone's coming...!
Moca: Whoa!
Moca: R-ran! Don't pull my arm...!
(Black cut)
Ran: Phew... Think they're gone?
Moca: Looks like it~.
Moca: Hehe, I kinda miss those days~. We used to hide together like that all the time. Mhm, mhm.
Ran: Did we?
Moca: Ran, you don't remember? It was just like this.
Moca: ... I have to say, though, isn't it kind of weird that you're hiding when you came here to cut class in the first place?
Ran: I came here to be alone, so of course I have to hide. It's not like I care if they get mad at me or whatever.
Moca: Ahh, you want to be alone...
Ran: I'm not really a fan of the classroom. It's always really noisy.
Ran: That's why I like this spot. No annoying sounds to bother me.
Moca: Hmm...? So, does that mean... that I'm bothering you?
Ran: What do you mean? You're not really doing much...
Moca: I mean, you said you wanted to be alone. But I came along, and now there's two of us...
Moca: I can go back to class if I'm annoying you...
Ran: ... It's fine if you stay. Some cases are special.
Moca: Special...?
Moca: ... Hey, Ran. Did you just say... I'm special?
Ran: ... N-no. I didn't say that.
Moca: What? Yes, you did.
Moca: "... It's fine if you stay. Some cases are special." Those were your exact words.
Moca: What's wrong, Ran? It's kinda strange for you to say.
Moca: Are you okay? Ran?
Ran: I-I'm not sure why you're asking. That's not what I meant when I said special...
Moca: Okay, then why don't you tell me what you meant. Moca-chan-Sensei would like an explanation~.
Ran: I meant that this spot is special... Not that you're...
Ran: There's nothing really special about you and I cutting class together.
Ran: You're just... taking it the wrong way.
Moca: Mhm~. Go on.
Ran: Wh-what I'm saying is... It's not like I'm really happy to be here specifically with you or anything like that.
Ran: And it's not like I was lonely being here by myself.
Moca: Ran... You were lonely?
Ran: I-I just said I wasn-
Moca: If you were lonely, you should've just said so, Ran. I would've come with you. Oh, but not on rainy days.
Ran: ... I don't come here on rainy days neither.
Moca: Okay, then why don't we come here and cut class together on days when it's not raining?
Ran: What? Were you even listening to me?
Ran: It really is that this spot is special. I didn't mean that you-
Moca: Yeah, yeah, I know~. It's kinda cute when you're all worked up, though.
Ran: I wasn't worked up. And don't go deciding my feelings for me.
Moca: Okay~. Let's just say you were using a figure of speech~.
Moca: Heh heh heh~♪
Ran: ... What's with that laugh?
Moca: Hm~? Nothing really~.
Moca: Just glad I came.
Moca: I'm in such a good mood, I could take a nap~. Hey, if I fall asleep, wake me up at noon, okay~?
Moca: Good night, Ran~...


<Fighting & Making Up>

(Character: Moca Aoba)

Moca: Heh heh heh~. Getting my hands on a freshly-baked melon bun must mean today's my lucky day~.
Moca: This is what I get for being such a Moca-chan all the time...
Moca: Huh? Oh, hey {{userName}}-san~. Hello~.
Moca: You're buying some buns too, {{userName}}-san? Everything here is really good, isn't it~? I always come here to buy my buns~.
Moca: You already knew that? Ooh, impressive~.
Moca: I've got studio practice after this, but I thought I'd get something to eat first.
Moca: And look at this. Fresh out of the oven. If I eat these, I'll be able to work even harder than usual~.
Moca: The buns from Yamabuki bakery are like my fuel. I'm a different person when I don't have them.
Moca: ... Our next gig?
Moca: Hmm, it's coming up soon, so everyone's really pumped.
Moca: We talk about our gigs even when we're at school now too.
Moca: You'd be surprised how much we talked about everything today during recess and lunch break.
Moca: Ran acts all cool, but she actually hates to lose. She gets worked up a lot too.
Moca: Tomo-chin has a fiery personality, so when we discuss things she gets all heated super quickly. She'll probably burn herself someday.
Moca: Hii-chan does her best, but she has a weird habit of missing the point…
Moca: Tsugu is really hard working, and always starts practicing earlier than anyone else. She makes so much effort, you know~.
Moca: When I think about it like this, everyone is really unique~.
Moca: It's my job to keep everyone together, so I'm always running about doing something. It's pretty tough work~.
Moca: ... Ahaha, you knew I was lying? You're getting good at this, {{userName}}-san~.
Moca: Huh? You think I'm pretty unique too? Hrm, I'm not sure what you mean, but I'll take it as a compliment~.
Moca: Anyway, everyone's working really hard towards our next gig.
Moca: We've got this friendly rivalry going, and that makes us all want to improve more... It doesn't get more high school than this~!
Moca: ... It sounds fun?
Moca: Hmm, I guess you're right... It's fun being with everyone all the time~.
Moca: And it's easy, too...
Moca: We've been together since we were tiny. We don't have to tip toe around anything when we're together~.
Moca: ... Huh? Oh no, despite how it seems, we've had our fights before.
Moca: That's right... it all happened when we were practicing really hard for Girl Jam.
Moca: It's a really famous event, after all. Everyone was really pumped.
Moca: But something happened one day. Ran and Tomo-chin... had an argument.
Moca: I was so surprised~. We'd never had any real arguments until that day.
Moca: But Tomo-chin said what she said because she was thinking of Ran, and I think Ran understood that.
Moca: You know how Ran isn't very honest with herself, right? She's not good at saying what she feels.
Moca: They had a misunderstanding, and we almost ended up having a hiatus.
Moca: ... Right? You never would've expected that to happen, huh?
Moca: Even I started to get worried, you know? So then I decided something needed to be done.
Moca: I'm super sweet, so I can't just ignore a friend in need. Ehehe.
Moca: So after that, super-sweet Moca-chan and Ran went up to the roof of the school.
Moca: We had a deep talk with the sun setting behind us...
Moca: And Ran finally opened her heart. Yay~.
Moca: ... Huh? What do you mean, and then?
Moca: Oh, you want to know what happened after the fight. You're a curious one, huh?
Moca: If you want to know more...
Moca: Then let's make a deal. My story for a curry bun from Yamabuki bakery.
Moca: I just had a melon bun, but eating something sweet like that makes you want something spicy or salty, right?
Moca: Ah, but if I have a curry bun, I'll want something sweet again...
Moca: Hrm~, such a painful decision to make...
Moca: ... Oh, sorry. I got a bit distracted, didn't I?
Moca: Tell you what, I'll fill you in for free this time.
Moca: Hmm, ahem. Ran and Tomo-chin had their first big fight ever, but...
Moca: They were able to make up after that. Yay~.
Moca: Girl Jam was a big success and a big step forward for Afterglow. Everyone lived happily ever after~.
Moca: ... Well, the last part was just a joke, but I'm glad I talked to Ran about everything.
Moca: ... I don't think I'll ever forget the conversation we had that day.
Moca: You wanna know what kind of things we talked about? Well...
Moca: Why don't you guess~?
Moca: Heh heh heh~. It's top secret. I can't tell anyone, not even you, {{userName}}-san.
Moca: ... Hrm, that's true. I think we all grew a bit because of what happened.
Moca: Ran and Tomo-chin's fight reminded me just how important everyone is to me.
Moca: You think I'm being really open today?
Moca: Moca-chan has her sentimental days too, you know?
Moca: Ah, I should probably get going soon. See ya~, bye~.
