1055_Moca Aoba_R3 Finding the Answer

Gacha phrase: I've discounted my consultation fee to one bun, just for you.

<Our Best Selves>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai)

[Convenience Store]

Lisa: Thank you very much~.
Moca: Cheers~.
Lisa: ... You know, Moca, you really should be saying goodbye to guests more politely~.
Moca: Fufufu~, don't worry~. I'm reciting a proper thank you in my heart~.
Lisa: What kind of reasoning is that?
Lisa: Fufu, still, I'm glad that you're back to your regular self now that Girl Jam is over, Moca.
Moca: Oh dear, did I make you worry? I beg your pardon~.
Lisa: Well, it was pretty hectic when that gossip was spreading.
Moca: None of us could have predicted it would turn out that way. Boy, rumors sure are scary~.
Lisa: No one has to claim responsibility for rumors, so the people passing them on don't really care whether they're true or not.
Lisa: I wanted to tell everyone that neither you nor any of the Afterglow girls were really like that...
Lisa: But I knew that it wouldn't make any difference coming from me. It was so frustrating. I couldn't be of any help.
Moca: Whoa... Lisa-san... I didn't know you felt that way... I'm so moved...
Lisa: Well, of course! You girls are precious to me. Both as my juniors at school and as my friends.
Lisa: But you know, Ako was just as upset as I was, if not more.
Moca: She was?
Lisa: Yep. You should've seen her outrage when she first heard that gossip!
Lisa: She was downright furious at how inaccurately Afterglow was being portrayed. Rinko and I had to do our best to calm her down~.
Moca: Ohh~... Ako-chin is a tenderhearted girl. I had no idea something like that happened~.
Lisa: I could tell Yukina and Sayo were silently angry too. I bet all of us who know the real Afterglow were annoyed by the cruel rumors and were worried about you.
Moca: Fufu~, it must be good karma from all the selfless deeds I do every day~.
Lisa: Yes. And it's not just you, Moca. All of you girls are such good people.
Lisa: Anyway, that's what led us to inviting you to a joint concert. If sticking up for you with our words wouldn't change anything, we figured that was a way to offer a helping hand.
Lisa: But in the end, Afterglow put on an awesome performance at Girl Jam and shut those rumors down all on your own. It was really something.
Moca: All on our own... Hmm, actually, that's not quite correct~. We are a group of five, but there are no longer only five of us~.
Lisa: Hm? What do you mean?
Moca: Well... we came to a realization after everything that happened. Afterglow's "same as always" no longer belongs to just the five of us~.
Moca: It belongs to Lisa-san, the other Roselia members, Poppin'Party, Hello, Happy World!, and Pastel＊Palettes as well...
Moca: Not to mention, Marina-san and everyone at CiRCLE. There are also the fans who cheered for us even when bad stories were flying around.
Moca: I truly felt supported by all these different people~.
Lisa: Ah, I see. So that's what you mean.
Moca: We made the band so that the five of us could stay the same, but it turns out that changed somewhere along the way~.
Lisa: How do you feel about that change, Moca?
Moca: Hmm. Kinda sad and kinda happy~. It's a complex feeling~.
Moca: I knew in theory that our band would have to adjust our "same as always" to whatever life threw our way~...
Moca: But now that I really feel the change... it's a little difficult to describe.
Lisa: I see. I sort of know how you feel, Moca.
Lisa: Many things have changed for Roselia lately, like retiring "LOUDER" and finishing Future World Fes. At times, I kind of miss the way it was before...
Lisa: But I'm still going to continue making music with my bandmates. I know that much will never change. So I'm okay with it.
Lisa: I'm sure it's the same for you, Moca.
Moca: Mhm... You're right~. Plus, if this many people support us, it must mean they think pretty highly of us too.
Moca: By accepting their feelings, our "same as always" will always be protected.
Moca: I want to believe that even as things slowly change, we're getting closer and closer to our best selves~.
Lisa: Yep, I'm sure you girls will be just fine♪ Let's both do our best!
Moca: ... Lisa-san, I sincerely appreciate you always lending me an ear.
Lisa: Huh? What are you doing? Your speech is suddenly so polite. You really don't need to thank me.
Moca: No, I insist. You must let me say this one very important thing. Lisa-san~...
Moca: Cheers~.
Lisa: Ahaha. Oh, you~ ☆


<Smoldering Moca>

(Character: Moca Aoba)

[Downtown]

Moca: Ah~, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello~.
Marina: Hi there, Moca-chan. That's a mighty big paper bag you're holding. Is it filled with bread?
Moca: They're Yamabuki Bakery's latest creation~. Would you like one~?
Marina: Ahaha, thank you for the offer, but I'm fine. You sure bought a lot.
Moca: Yep. We're staying over at Ran's house, you see~.
Marina: Gotcha. These must be midnight snacks for everyone.
Moca: Absolutely not~. They're all for me to fuel my body~.
Marina: Ahaha... Oh, that reminds me... I heard what happened. You're in a tricky situation, huh?
Moca: Oh dear, so the gossip has even made its way to you, Marina-san~.
Marina: Of course, the CiRCLE owner, {{userName}}-san, and I all know that you girls are nothing like how the stories describe you.
Marina: I'm sure it's very difficult for you right now... If there's anything we can do to help, please let us know.
Moca: Thank you, Marina-san. However, we're doing pretty good. In fact, we're on fire.
Marina: On fire...? What do you mean?
Moca: We got asked to perform at Girl Jam, so we're working on a new song for that. We're burning red-hot with our desire to make it a heart-stopping show~.
Marina: Wow, that's excellent news! Congratulations.
Moca: Yep~. Although, the rumors surrounding us haven't been resolved yet. So, truth be told, we're still in a bit of a pickle~...
Marina: I see... Feeling powerless can be distressing. Are you okay, Moca-chan? Please don't listen to what people are saying.
Moca: Don't worry~. This kind of hostility is like water off a duck's back for a baddie like me~.
Moca: ... That being said, my heart skipped a beat when Ran was swallowed up by the negative vibes at our last concert... She froze up and couldn't sing~.
Moca: It was the first time I ever saw Ran like that on stage. I thought we might be in trouble there.
Marina: Ran-chan is a kind and sensitive girl. She must have gotten quite the shock when what was supposed to be a fun experience turned sour like that...
Moca: Yes. But it turns out I was worrying over nothing. Ran was figuring out what she needed to do all by herself...
Moca: ... Oh boy~, she's grown up big and strong~. I remember when she was just a teeny-weeny kid...
Marina: Ahaha, you sound just like a mother, Moca-chan.
Moca: That's correct~. I'm playing the roles of both everyone's mom and childhood friend~.
Moca: That's why I need to knuckle down and make every effort to support my mighty friends.
Marina: Gotcha. Well, do your best. I'll be cheering for you!
Moca: You bet~. I'll wolf down these buns and write a great song. Get ready to see our awesome performance at Girl Jam~.
Marina: Ahaha, be careful not to eat too much. Well then, I'll see you next time, Moca-chan.
Moca: Sure, catch you later~. And thank you, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san~.
