1197_Moca Aoba_R2 Alluring Dancer

<Where Dreams Are Reality>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Residential Area]

Moca: Phew~, that sleepover was delightful, huh~? Since that night, I've felt lonely sleeping by myself~.
Tomoe: It'd been ages since we'd all slept in the same room together.
Tsugumi: This sleepover felt different from usual, thanks to that incense you bought, Tomoe-chan.
Moca: Who could have predicted Tomo-chin's room would transform into an Arabian paradise~?
Tomoe: I'm glad you guys liked it so much. Buying that incense was the right call!
Moca: Hey, Tomo-chin. You said you bought it at a flea market, right?
Tomoe: ...? Uh-huh. Did you want one, Moca?
Moca: Hmm. I was hoping that if I had that incense, I could have the same dream again.
Tomoe: What did you dream about?
Moca: Something to do with Yamabuki Bakery having an all-you-can-eat deal for one day only...
Tsugumi: So you had a dream where you ate buns to your heart's content?
Moca: Well, you see, I don't remember whether I actually ate any or not~. That's why I wanna have that dream again.
Tomoe: All-you-can-eat buns, huh~? I suppose if you could stuff your face with your favorite food, you'd wanna dream that over and over.
Tomoe: I wonder what I'd choose to devour. It'd have to be-...
Moca: Pork bone ramen.
Tomoe: Hey, you beat me to the punch~!
Moca: Fufufu~. You left your mind wide open for me to read, Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: Darn, am I that predictable...? Still, it really is the first thing that popped into my head~.
Tsugumi: Of course!  We all know pork bone ramen is your favorite, Tomoe-chan!
Moca: Then what about you, Tsugu~?
Tsugumi: Oh, me? Umm, good question...
Tsugumi: Ice cream... in large quantities would give me a tummy ache... So rice is probably better... Though, it's a little plain all by itself...
Tomoe: Whoa, you're taking this pretty seriously.
Tsugumi: Well, it's a tough choice...
Tsugumi: When you eat something sweet, you start craving salty food, right? And then after eating something salty, you want sweets again.
Tsugumi: I just can't think of a food I'd never ever get sick of eating.
Moca: Fufufu, don't fret~. I know just the thing, Tsugu. Buns!
Tsugumi: Buns? What do you mean?
Moca: You start with a sweet pastry like a melon bun or chocolate Danish. Next, you move on to savory bread, like a bun stuffed with meat or veggies. And then you go back to a sweet one.
Moca: That way, you can enjoy eating yummy buns for eternity~. Boy, am I a genius or what~?
Tsugumi: I see! That's a great idea, Moca-chan!
Tomoe: In that case, after my pork bone ramen, I'll feast on a simple salt-based one!
Moca: You got it, Tomo-chin~. After a rich chocolate cream bun comes a modest salted butter bun!
Tsugumi: Are those two things the same...?
Moca: Oh, you've become curious, have you~? Then why don't we head to Yamabuki Bakery and test my theory~?
Tomoe: That's just an excuse for you to scarf down buns, Moca.
Tsugumi: I guess I'd like to give it a try...!
Moca: Then off to Yamabuki Bakery we go! Full steam ahead~! Be prepared for a long day, my friends...!
Tomoe: Huh? Aren't we just going to buy some bread?
Moca: Yes, but there are countless combinations for us to try~! Get a move on, you two~.


<Making My Dreams Reality>

(Character: Moca Aoba)

[Downtown]

Marina: Phew, now that we've got all the supplies we need, shall we head back...? Oh, look who just came out of Yamabuki Bakery...
Marina: Hey, Moca-chan.
Moca: Oh, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Greetings~.
Marina: I see you've bought a mountain of buns today~. I expect nothing less from you, Ms. Regular Customer.
Moca: Ehehe. Actually, I bought even more than usual~.
Marina: Fufu, you must be really hungry then.
Moca: No. This is about fulfilling a dream that didn't come true.
Marina: Huh...? What do you mean?
Moca: Well, the other day, I had a peculiar dream~.
Moca: In the dream, I think I was having fun, but I also felt super tired... To tell you the truth, I can't remember what happened very well.
Moca: But one thing's for sure, I was standing right in front of Yamabuki Bakery~.
Moca: There was a sign that said, "Today Only All-You-Can-Eat." A bun paradise lay just beyond those bakery doors. Except...
Marina: You didn't get to eat any?
Moca: Well, you see, I'm drawing a blank~.
Moca: Maybe I did, but it's slipped from my memory...
Moca: Even though it was only a dream, I can't stand the thought of missing out on freshly baked buns... Dear, oh dear~.
Marina: I see. So that's what you mean by fulfilling your dream~.
Moca: Sadly, it's not all-you-can-eat. However, it's only fitting that the real me indulge in some buns~.
Marina: Fufu, now you can really eat your fill!
Moca: Yep~. I better get home before these toasty buns get cold. See you next time~.
