1211_Moca Aoba_R4 Smile Before Summer

Gacha phrase: You all should address me as Master Moca.

<Active Girl Moca>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Moca: Ah~, this melon bun today is amazing~.
Ran: Moca, didn't you eat the same thing for breakfast?
Moca: Tsk, tsk~. Melon buns in the morning and melon buns in the afternoon might look the same, but they couldn't taste more different~. Jeez, you don't understand anything, Ran.
Ran: Yeah, yeah.
Tomoe: Hahaha. If you eat too much bread, you'll get sleepy in class after lunch.
Himari: That's right! Moca, you were nodding off the whole time in class this morning.
Moca: Well, I was out on a grand adventure the other day~. I'm still a little tired~.
Tsugumi: A grand adventure...? Ah, you went somewhere on our day off last week, right?
Tsugumi: Saya-chan told me you all went to find some places in a photo book.
Tomoe: That's what you were doing?
Moca: Yeah~. We saw a sunflower field by the sea. It was unbelievably beautiful. And the seagulls flying up in the blue sky looked pretty.
Tomoe: Really? Wish I could've gone~.
Moca: Everybody had plans~. Besides, Kokoro-chan kinda pushed us to go in the spur of the moment.
Himari: Wow. It's kind of rare for you to hang out with Kokoro.
Moca: Hmm, I guess so~.
Himari: I'm sure you were the same as always. What was Kokoro like?
Moca: Phew~, that girl's really a little ball of energy.
Moca: She yelled out to the sea, entered a dark tunnel without getting scared, and tried to make friends with a ghost.
Himari: What?! A ghost? What was that about?
Moca: And eating buns in that tunnel was something special.
Ran: You ate bread even in a tunnel, huh...?
Moca: A lot of stuff happened because of what Kokoro-chan was doing~. I feel like I've got a better understanding of how amazing she is~.
Tsugumi: What do you mean?
Moca: She was trying so hard to find the sunflower field for Saya because she wanted Saya to be happy. I think caring about others is what gives her so much energy.
Moca: And she never gives up. She's a lot more assertive than I thought she'd be~.
Moca: That energy of hers kept pulling us forward and got us to where we wanted to be~.
Moca: Sigh... That Kokoro-chan really is something~.
Ran: Why don't you let some of that energy rub off on you, then? You're always falling asleep in class.
Himari: I like the sound of that! You could raise your hand and participate more in class.
Tomoe: Moca? Haha. No way!
Tsugumi: But I think that's a good idea! It's important to ask questions about things you don't understand!
Moca: Mhm. It seems the time has come for me to learn from Kokoro-chan and become a more outgoing girl~.
Himari: Moca, do you really want to do that?
Moca: Of course. I'll raise my hand a lot in class and ask so many questions that the teacher won't know what to do~.
Tomoe: Hahaha. There's no way Moca would ever be like that!
All: Ahahahaha!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Himari: (Oh~, this problem is so hard~...! How does the addition theorem formula go again?)
Teacher: Does anyone have any questions about what we've covered so far? If not, we'll move on.
Himari: (W-wait~! I still don't get it~!)
Moca: Excuse me!
Ran, Himari, Tomoe & Tsugumi: ...?!
Teacher: Oh, Aoba-san! Do you have a question?
Tomoe: (M-Moca asked the teacher a question...?! Maybe she really is becoming more active...!)
Tsugumi: (She spoke up and asked a question... Way to go, Moca-chan!)
Himari, Ran, Tomoe & Tsugumi: ...!
Moca: ... Zzz... Mmm...
Himari: (I-is she sleeping...?!)
Tomoe: (Jeez, she was just talking in her sleep...)
Ran: (I guess... that's Moca for you.)
Tsugumi: (I wonder what kind of dream she's having to make her speak out loud like that...)
Moca: Mmm... These are some good buns~...
(Black cut)


<The Things Gained>

(Character: Moca Aoba)

[Downtown]

Moca: Ah~, there's something special about eating buns when you're out for a walk~.
Moca: Huh? That's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san over there. Hi~.
Marina: Ah, hi, Moca-chan. Are you on you're way back from getting some bread at Yamabuki Bakery?
Moca: Bingo~. I was able to get a bunch of buns hot out of the oven~.
Marina: Fufu. I'm sure Saya-chan was happy you stopped by.
Marina: Hey, I heard about you all going somewhere with Kokoro-chan recently.
Moca: Yeah~, we all went searching for this place Saya wanted to take pictures of~.
Moca: But Saya didn't know exactly where it was, so she wasn't sure if she was gonna go or not~.
Marina: Yeah, I can see how she could've been nervous about doing something like that.
Moca: Exactly~. But Saya's not the type to suggest doing something that she wants to do.
Moca: So if this place was so great that even she said she wanted to go, I wanted to tag along to find it.
Marina: I see. Fufu. You really are nice, Moca-chan~.
Moca: Nah~, Saya's my savior. She always makes sure I have the best buns~.
Moca: And I'm happy Saya's still enjoys taking pictures~. So I wanted to help in any way I could.
Marina: Thanks to you, Saya-chan's wish came true.
Moca: Hmm~, I think that was really thanks to Kokoro-chan~.
Moca: If she hadn't said we should all go, I don't think we would've.
Moca: Thanks to Kokoro-chan being so adventurous and excited about everything, we found the place we were looking for~.
Marina: Yeah, Kokoro-chan is outgoing with a capital "O."
Moca: Sure is. It really made me realize that all of Kokoro-chan's energy comes from her wanting to make people smile.
Moca: Even when everyone had half given up looking for the sunflower field, Kokoro-chan just kept looking for anything that might help us find it.
Moca: I thought that was less about her wanting to see it for herself, and more about wanting to make Saya happy.
Marina: Yeah! When you spend time with someone, you really get a better sense of what makes them great.
Moca: True~. I think I get why everybody in Hello, Happy World! loves Kokoro-chan~.
Moca: You feel really positive when you hang with Kokoro-chan~.
Marina: True. I always feel like I'm in a better mood when I'm around her.
Marina: I think all that good energy from Kokoro-chan comes through in Hello, Happy World!'s songs too.
Moca: I think so too~. On the train ride home, she let me listen to Hello, Happy World!'s music. I felt like I could understand more of what makes their songs so good~.
Moca: By getting to know Kokoro-chan better, I got a better understanding of what Hello, Happy World!'s music is all about~.
Marina: I hear you. It sounds like the trip was a really good experience for you.
Marina: I hope you can keep going to many different places with Kokoro-chan and the others.
Moca: Me too~. I'm thinking of asking them to go somewhere with me.
Moca: Well, I've gotta get going. See you later~.
Marina: Okay. It was good talking with you. See you!
