1982_Moca Aoba_R5 No Matter the Sunset's Color

Gacha phrase: Until the sun sets... no, even after the sun sets today,

<The Bread I Choose Tomorrow>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Moca: Hmmm, each and every bread is so tempting, it's hard to decide which one to try~.
Ran: Didn't you say you were going to try the new Amanatsu Danish today?
Moca: No, no~, actually, when you see the bread in front of you, it's hard to decide~.
Moca: New releases and limited time offerings are great, but the regular items are also hard to resist~.
Moca: I'm still in the mood for sweet bread, but every item tempts this Moca-chan~.
Moca: Man, it's tough being a popular girl~.
Ran: I don't know what you're talking about.
Ran: I think I'll buy something too. I'm hungry.
Moca: Oh, that's good. Which one do you want~?
Moca: We can see a person's life in their choice of bread.
Ran: Of course not. I'm just in the mood for some sweet bread. I'm going to use my brain after this. I need sugar.
Moca: Studying flower arrangement~? How's it going~?
Ran: Well, in its own way.
Moca: Hey, we'll be troubled if it's just in its own way.  You're taking a break from the band to do flower arrangement.
Ran: Calling it a break...
Ran: Well, but since I'm only focusing on flower arrangement now, I was able to make a nice piece.
Ran: I have the time and space of my mind to face each flower one by one. And I have time to organize my thoughts and ideas.
Ran: I think that's why I was able to express myself in ways I never thought so far. I couldn't have created a work like that before.
Moca: Oh, you seem to be doing well--.
Ran: It's something like that... Since I'm not doing a band anymore, I'm putting that part to good use.
Moca: Yeah, yeah, I see, I see~. I'm relieved to hear that~.
Ran: How are you doing these days, Moca?
Moca: I haven't changed at all~. I'm still practicing, going to the music store, taking care of my guitar~.
Moca: I've decided that even if I'm left alone, I'm going to keep going, and I'm doing what I can.
Ran: ... I see.
Moca: Well, don't worry, I'm taking it easy~ There's no point in getting anxious now.
Moca: Besides, I'm a genius, a beautiful girl, and stubborn~.
Ran: Right, right..., I mean, I'm not worried about it.
Moca: Come on~, Ran is not honest~.
Ran: Anyway, are you going to decide on the bread soon?
Moca: Well, I'm still a little bit undecided about it... Oh, I think I'll choose this two-color bread~.
Moca: It has lots of red bean paste and custard, and I can enjoy 2 loaves in 1~.
Ran: Then, I'll have this one.
Moca: Oh, bean-jam buns? That's a very solid choice~.
Moca: But, Ran, if it's a two-color bread, one of them is red bean paste bread, and the other is cream bun, isn't that a good deal~?
Ran: I'm in the mood for eating only bean-jam buns right now, so I think I'll have this one.
Moca: I see~ So you are the type that chooses only what you want to eat now, rather than whether it's a good deal or not?
Ran: No, I've never thought so seriously about bread.
Moca: No, no~, this is an important question, isn't it--?
Ran: Just what about it's important...  But I guess maybe I'd rather choose it properly.
Moca: Huh? Is that so?
Ran: I mean, there are times you don't feel like eating something else with it.
Ran: Unless you really want to eat both, I don't think it makes sense to eat them just because it's a good deal.
Moca: Ah, so you mean you only want to eat it when you think it's delicious?
Ran: That's how I feel. Otherwise it... seems like a waste.
Moca: A waste of a bargain, huh-- ... I guess I never really thought about it~.
Moca: ... Oh, I see~.
Ran: What's up, Moca?
Moca: I've found Ran is in the mood for some bean-jam buns right now.
Ran: Well, yes, but ...
Moca: But then again, I'm sure you'll want to eat cream buns again someday~.
Moca: Maybe you'll find the benefits of two-color bread.
Ran: Maybe... you're right.
Moca: Yeah, yeah, I understand well now~. Then, you should enjoy bean-jam buns as much as you can for now.
Moca: And when you want to eat cream buns, then why don't you eat cream buns with me.
Ran: Yes, I will, but... Moca, why are you so convinced all by yourself?
Moca: Well--, I think I've reached another truth. Life and bread are so similar, Ran.
Ran: I have no idea what you're talking about...
Moca: Well--, I mean that maybe I like bread because it's like life~.
Moca: Moca-chan is so deep after all~.
Ran: Haha... really, I don't get it.
Moca: Fufu~.


<Counting On You From Now On>

(Character: Moca Aoba)

[Edogawa Music]

Moca: Hmmm... they don't have the usual one... Should I try the expensive one over here~?
Marina: Oh, Moca-chan. Hello, are you shopping?
Moca: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello--.
Moca: I ran out of a fret cleaner, but I was worried that I couldn't find the usual one.
Marina: Oh, well, that's a problem.
Moca: That's right~. So, Marina-san, what do you think of this product?
Marina: Oh, there are a few of our customers who use this product. It's a little more expensive, but the quality seems to be good.
Moca: Thought so~. I've been using my guitar too much lately, I thought I'd use a good one once in a while.
Marina: You worked really hard for G.B.T., didn't you?
Moca: Yes, I did. I wasn't able to do much during practice, so I have to take good care of it now.
Marina: For a guitarist, the guitar is her partner.
Moca: That's true. I don't have any gigs planned for a while, but I have to take good care of my instrument until that day comes.
Moca: And I have to polish my skills as well~.
Marina: ...Yes, you're right.
Marina: Hey, Moca-chan. I heard from Himari-chan. About Afterglow...
Marina: But you're going to continue with music, Moca-chan.
Moca: Yes. I've decided to do so.
Marina: As someone who supports Afterglow, I'm glad to hear that you're going to continue.
Marina: If you're going to go through with it, why don't you try to do some live shows by yourself? If it's you, we're always happy to have you on our stage, Moca-chan.
Moca: Moca-chan's solo live performance~... Hmm...
Moca: I might have to get it through the agency~.
Moca: Besides, I think a five-piece band would shine more after all--.
Marina: Ahaha, I see. Well, I'm looking forward to seeing you five's live.
Marina: Please let me watch Afterglow perform again sometime.
Moca: Yeees, please look forward to it~.
Moca: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Thank you as always.
Marina: What's with the sudden change of pace?
Moca: Well~, I'm just grateful to have your support under any circumstances.
Marina: Of course. If there's anything we can do, just let us know.
Moca: Well then, I'll go buy this. See you~.
