event44-01 Opening: Walking Home in the Rain

On a rare walk home together, Kasumi, Kokoro, and Misaki hear the sound of taiko drums...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Riverside]

Kokoro: Kasumi! Look, look! There's a snail over here too!
Kasumi: You're right! Wow, all the babies are riding on its back~! How cute~!
Misaki: H-hey, don't run around so much. You could get hurt. It is raining, you know.
Misaki: And why aren't you using your umbrellas? Look at you two, your hair is soaking wet...
Kasumi: But I never get to walk home with you and Kokoron! We need to have as much fun as possible while we still have the chance!
Kokoro: I agree! I'm so glad we ran into you today, Kasumi! Aren't you, Misaki?
Misaki: Ahh~, yeah, I guess. Still, what happened to all the other Poppin'Party members?
Kasumi: Everyone had things they needed to do, so they left before me. I thought I was gonna have to go home all by myself, so I'm super happy you two came along~♪
Kokoro: Ah, Kasumi, do you see that?! What a huge puddle! I wonder if I can jump over it.
Kasumi: I wanna try too~!
Misaki: C'mon, how old are you two?! You don't have to jump over it. Why don't you just go around?
Kokoro: Wouldn't that be a waste of a perfectly good puddle?
Misaki: What the heck does that mean? I will never understand what goes on in that head of yours.
Kasumi: Really? I get what she meant though...
Misaki: Yeah, that makes sense. You and Kokoro are practically the same person.
Misaki: Seriously, I don't know where you two get your energy... This rain's been going on forever. I'm so sick of it...
Kasumi: Huh? Why? Aren't rainy days supposed to be fun? I love rain!
Kokoro: Me too! There are so many fun things to do when it's pouring outside!
Kokoro: Like jumping over the puddles, or walking around barefoot!
Kasumi: Ah~! I used to do that as a kid too! I love hearing that splish-splash sound trailing behind me as I walk around~! And it feels nice!
Kokoro: Maybe I should take off my shoes for old time's sake!
Kasumi: I'll do it if you do~!
Misaki: Uhm, no, maybe you shouldn't!
Misaki: I can understand jumping in puddles, that's fine, but don't you dare take off your shoes! You could get hurt!
Kokoro: Come on, Misaki, join us! Take off your shoes!
Misaki: Absolutely not~.
Kasumi: ... Hm? What was that?
Misaki: Huh? What's up? Did something happen?
Kasumi: Hm~. Do you guys hear that? It sounds like taiko drums.
Misaki: Taiko drums...? Ah, now that you mention it, I guess I do hear something...
Kokoro: Me too! What a playful rhythm! It feels like my body might start dancing on its own!
Kasumi: I think it's coming from the downtown area... Was there supposed to be some sort of event going on somewhere?
Misaki: Ah, actually, I think someone downtown did mention one of the shrines was holding a festival this weekend. I bet they're practicing for that.
Kokoro & Kasumi: A festival?!
Misaki: ... Y-yeah.
Misaki: (Aw man~... Me and my big mouth. I should know better than to say that word around these two, of all people...)
Kokoro: Terrific! Amazing! So there's a festival going on, huh?! I wanna go!
Kasumi: Yeah! Me too, me too!
Misaki: (Y-yep. I knew this would happen~...)
Kokoro: Hey, Misaki! Kasumi! Why don't we go check out this festival right now?!
Misaki: N-now?! Wait, the festival is this weekend. They're probably just practicing. Even if we went, there wouldn't be anything there.
Kokoro: Well, we won't know that for sure until we take a look!
Kasumi: What she said~! Let's go! I wonder if they'll have goldfish scooping. I love that game!
Misaki: I told you, the festival's this weekend!
Kokoro: Goldfish scooping? What's that?! I've never heard of it before! What is it?! Tell me!
Kasumi: Well, you see... There's this big fish tank filled with loads and loads of goldfish, and you have to try and get the fish out the tank! You go like this~... and you scoop!
Kokoro: That sounds like so much fun~! Let's hurry up and go to the shrine!
Kasumi: Yeah! I'm pretty sure it's this way! Hurry!
Kokoro: Come on, Misaki! We can all go together!
Misaki: Ah, okay, fine! I'm coming, I'm coming. Just quit tugging at me like that!
