event44-05 Chapter 4: After the Rain, After a Shout

The taiko performance grows closer with each passing moment. Suddenly, it begins to rain...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Shrine - Entry Path]

Kasumi: Sigh~, that was so much fun~. And we had an even better time because Sayo-senpai decided to join~♪
Sayo: I told you, I just happened to be passing by...
Kokoro: You were so good at that one thingy! What was it called again? You know, the game with the toy gun where you aim at stuff on the shelves.
Misaki: You mean the shooting gallery?
Kokoro: Yeah, that! You were amazing at the shooting gallery! You should teach me sometime!
Kasumi: I wanna learn too! It's like you hit everything you aimed at! Even the vendor was surprised!
Sayo: Well, the objective is largely the same as archery. Still, I think that was just a fluke since I've never done it before.
Kasumi: Huh? That was your first time?! Wait, does that mean you don't come to festivals that often?
Sayo: When we were little, Hina and I would go together, but those opportunities are few and far between nowadays. So I suppose you could say today feels like a nice change of pace.
Kasumi: I know exactly what you mean! This will be my first time giving a taiko performance in front of people, so today feels extra sparkling and heart-pounding!
Misaki: Ah, shouldn't we meet up with Udagawa-san pretty soon? It's getting close to showtime, and we need to start warming up.
Kasumi: Ah, yeah, you're right! Okay, let's go find Tomoe-chan!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shrine - Pavilion]

Kasumi: Sorry for the wait, Tomoe-chan~!
Tomoe: There you are! ... Oh?! Sayo-san, you made it!!
Sayo: Yes. Hopefully I'm not causing too much trouble by coming...
Tomoe: Oh, come on! No way! Actually, I'm glad you're here! Now we have even more people to watch our performance!
Sayo: But if I'm here, the weather might...
Tomoe: Ahaha! That again? That's just ridiculous! Look around, does this look like rain to yo-
Tomoe: ... Huh?
Misaki: Whoa... It's raining. T-talk about bad timing...
Sayo: Didn't I tell you? This always happens when I show up. I should just leave now while-
Tomoe: Whoa, hold on! This is just a coincidence! You shouldn't let this bother you!
Kasumi: She's right! Sayo-senpai, we practiced really, really hard for today, so please stay and watch us perform~!
Kokoro: Yeah! You're already here, and seeing our show would be way more fun than going home! I'm sure we can make you smile!
Sayo: But...
Kasumi: Besides, you don't have to worry about the weather! We'll chase away these rain clouds with our fiery spirits!
Misaki: ... Ah. Looking at the weather forecast for today, it looks like it's going to clear up again after this...
Kasumi: Alright, everyone! Let's get to chanting and send this pesky rain packing!
Kokoro: That's right! If we chant, I'm sure we can get Mister Sun to come out! Isn't that right, Tomoe?!
Tomoe: Alright, come on, you guys... I agree that spirit is important, but chanting to bring out the sun? That's just-
Kokoro: But we won't know unless we try!
Misaki: Hey, calm down, you two. The weather's supposed to clear up after this anyway...
Kokoro: As for our chant, I think we should go with "Happy! Lucky! Smile! Yay~!" It has the most spirit to it. Don't you think?
Kasumi: Huh?! No way! The chant that has the most spirit is "Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa!"
Kokoro: Alright, then let's meet halfway with "Happy! Lucky! Popipapa! Pipopa!"
Kasumi: Ah! That's perfect! Let's go with that!
Misaki: U-uhm, guys, did you hear me...? The forecast says it's gonna-
Kasumi: Ready~?
Kokoro & Kasumi: Happy! Lucky! Popipapa! Pipopa! Sky~! Show us the sun~!!
Misaki: (I-it's no use... These two are off in their own little world. They're not listening...)
Tomoe: ... Hm? Huh?! Wait, I think the sky's cleared up a little!
Misaki: (What? Udagawa-san?!)
Kasumi: It did, didn't it?! It's definitely brighter, especially over that way! See? Our chanting reached the sky!
Tomoe: Now that I think about... This might work! This festival was originally about wishing for sunny weather, so maybe that power really does exist~!
Misaki: (No way~... Udagawa-san may not look it, but she's just as bad as these two...)
Tomoe: Just a second! Let me try chanting and drumming at the same time! Ready~! Soi-ya~!
Tomoe: Whoa! Th-this is amazing~! The clouds over there disappeared! Did you guys see that?!
Kasumi: I sure did! There's no mistaking it! That was definitely your spirit, Tomoe-chan!
Kokoro: That's it, Tomoe! You have to keep chanting! More! More!
Tomoe: I can't believe this is actually happening~! I always knew having a strong spirit was important!
Misaki: (It's not your spirit that's strong! It's the air pressure! This is messed up... Udagawa-san's joined them in their little fantasy land...)
Tomoe: Sayo-san! If we keep this up, I'm sure the rain will stop! Just leave it to us!
Sayo: ... O-okay...
Misaki: (Udagawa-san... She's completely in sync with Kokoro and Toyama-san... Maybe she's more delusional than I thought...)
