event44-04 Chapter 3: Cloudy Weather

The festival's finally here. While everyone is worried about the weather, their first priority is enjoying the various festival stalls.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[The Day of the Festival]

[Riverside]

Kasumi: Today's the day. The festival's finally here~.
Kokoro: I know! I was so excited, I didn't get a wink of sleep!
Misaki: Hold on, didn't you say that the other day too?! Get some sleep! You're gonna make yourself sick!
Kasumi: It's not raining at the moment, but I wouldn't be surprised if it did, considering how the sky looks right now. Plus, the teru teru bozu we made weren't exactly the happiest-looking dolls......
Misaki: And according to the forecast, it is supposed to rain...
Kasumi: I wonder if there will be any stands~. I really wanted to catch some goldfish before our show~...
Kokoro: There's no point in worrying about that now! Let's just head over and see for ourselves!
Kasumi: Yeah! You're right! Okay, shrine! Here we come~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shrine - Entry Path]

Kasumi: We're here~... Ah! Look! Look! They've set up stalls, after all!
Kokoro: This is so amazing! There are so many different kinds!
Misaki: Well, will you look at that. Good. At least now we know the festival hasn't been canceled.
Kasumi: Kokoron! Misaki-chan! Since we have a little time before we have to meet for our taiko performance, why don't we look around and see what they have?!
Kokoro: What a wonderful idea! Let's do it! You're coming too, right, Misaki?!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah... I've already resigned myself to that fate...
Kasumi: Woohoo~! Yay~! Hey, they're selling candy apples over there! Why don't we start by getting some of those?!
Kokoro: Kasumi, what's a candy apple? I've never heard of such a thing.
Kasumi: Uhm, you see, you've got your regular apples, right? Well, these apples also have candy...
Kokoro: So when you buy an apple, you get a free piece of candy?!
Misaki: No, the apple is coated with candy. That way, you can eat them at the same time.
Kokoro: That sounds absolutely yummy! I want a candy apple!
Kasumi: They're always so hard to eat~. Your hands get all sticky really fast.
Misaki: Ah, I know what you mean. It gets all over your mouth too.
Kasumi: If you want to know the best way to eat them, you should start by eating the candy coating first. Then you eat the apple after that. That way, there's no mess. Did you know about that?
Misaki: No, I didn't, but isn't that just the same as eating an apple and candy separately? That's not really a candy apple then.
Kasumi: ... Ah! Oh yeah! I've never thought of that before!
Misaki: ... Sigh~.
Kasumi: Come on, guys! Hurry! Excuse me~! Could I get a candy apple, please~?
Kokoro: Kasumi, I want one too!
Misaki: Sigh~, this is too much... It's like they're just asking for me to make wisecracks. I'd be here all day trying to keep up with them...
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Mmm~!! That was so good! I love candy apples now!
Kasumi: Weren't they delicious~? I think that was the best candy apple I've ever had!
Misaki: Don't you think that might be because you've never eaten the two ingredients together before?
Kasumi: That's probably it! I can't believe I've always eaten them separately. What a waste~...
Kokoro: Hey, Kasumi, I want to try that goldfish thing you were talking about! Where's the stall for that?
Kasumi: Ah, goldfish scooping, right?! We should do that right away, or else we might not have time before the show!
Kasumi: Let's see... Now where could it be...? Ah! There it is! Come on, Kokoron! Let's go!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: So this is the goldfish game! Wow~, look at them all!
Kasumi: I know, they're so cute~! All you have to do is grab the fish from this tank! Excuse me, Kokoron and I would like to play one game each, please!
Booth Worker: Sure. Good luck.
Kokoro: So I just have to get the fishies out of the tank? Okay, I'll go first.
Kasumi: You can do it, Kokoro~!
Kokoro: Here I go~... Excuse me! Would you please let these little babies go? And what exactly are you planning to do with your fish hostages anyway?
Booth Worker: ... Huh? Hostages? Excuse me, miss...? What is she talking about?
Misaki: Wh-whoa, Kokoro, what are you doing? Stop giving the vendor a hard time.
Kokoro: Aren't we trying to free these goldfish? If we want to get these fishies out of the tank, I need to convince this person to let them go, don't I?
Misaki: ... You think this is a rescue mission?! No, no! You have to catch them! Take this paper scoop, and try to catch the fish! Give it here, I'll show you!
Kokoro: Misaki? If you're trying to catch these fish, wouldn't it be better to use this container? If you use that paper thing, it's just going to break.
Misaki: Yeah, that's the rule of the game!
Sayo: Ts-Tsurumaki-san... What are you doing...?
Kasumi: Ah! Sayo-senpai?! You decided to come!
Kokoro: Ah, Sayo! I'm so glad you're here! I was just about to free these goldfish! Could you give me a hand?
Sayo: I just happened to be in the area... The stalls seemed especially lively, so I suppose you could say my curiosity got the better of me...
Kasumi: Hey, Sayo-senpai! We still have time before our taiko performance, so why don't we check out the rest of them together?!
Kokoro: What a great idea! Let's play! Ah! Look over there! They've got a turtle version over there! You there! Release those little babies this instant!
Misaki: S-sounds like these two are... really set on hanging out with you, Sayo-senpai... I-I'm so sorry to bother you like this...
Sayo: Don't be. I have time. Just a little while won't hurt...
