event44-03 Chapter 2: Practice Begins

The girls begin practicing taiko with Tomoe. But who's this passing by?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[The Next Day]

[Shrine - Pavilion]

Tomoe: Thanks for coming out even in this rain, guys. Now how about we get started?!
Kasumi: Yay~! Kokoron, isn't this awesome~?
Kokoro: I know! I've been waiting for this moment since yesterday. I didn't get a wink of sleep last night!
Misaki: Sounds like you were way too excited!
Tomoe: Th-that's how much you were looking forward to this?! M-man... That's amazing. I'm kinda touched.
Misaki: Uhm, Udagawa-san. Before we begin, I was wondering if you could teach us the basics, like how to hit the drums, and what we should be focusing on. We are beginners, after all.
Tomoe: A focus, huh...? Ah. Well, originally, this festival was held as a way to beseech the gods for sunlight after long months of rain.
Kokoro: Okay, we'll 'beseech the gods'! I was just thinking how I wanted to beseech the gods! Let's get beseeching!
Misaki: You have no idea what you're talking about, do you? Beseeching the gods is the same as asking for something. In this case, asking for clear skies and sunshine.
Tomoe: Well, that's not why the festival is held nowadays, anyway. So if you're looking for something to focus on, maybe something like "play like you want the sun to hear it"?
Kasumi: So we want our chants to reach the sun, right?! Roger that~!
Misaki: Uhhh~... When I said "focus," I didn't mean mentally. Are there any technical tricks or secrets we should know...?
Tomoe: Uhm, well... Kinda? There are lots of techniques, sure... But for now, I think it's more important to have fun.
Kokoro: Sounds good to me! So I should beat this drum with all my heart and a smile on my face, right?!
Tomoe: Simply put, yeah, you could say that.
Misaki: Really?! Is it really okay to sum it all up with hearts and smiles...?
Tomoe: Okay, let's get this practice started.
Kokoro & Kasumi: Oh~!
(Black cut)

[One Hour Later]

Tomoe: That's good for now~. Should we take a break?
Kasumi: Phew~, I'm beat~! Taiko really wears you out. My arms are killing me.
Misaki: No kidding, this is rough... I bet I'm going to be sore tomorrow.
Tomoe: If your arms hurt, that means you're only beating the drum with your arms. You gotta put your whole body into it.
Misaki: See, that's the kind of stuff I would have liked to know before we started...
Kasumi: Hey, Kokoron! Why don't you take a break? Your arms are gonna get sore.
Kokoro: I'm doing just fine! I wanna drum more and more!
Misaki: Where the heck does she get that stamina...?
Tomoe: Kokoro's got the right idea, though. She's using her whole body when she plays. That's probably why she's not tired.
Misaki: Is that so...? That girl really can do anything. It's weird...
Kokoro: Hey, watch this, everyone! I just learned a new trick! If you spin around before hitting the taiko drum, you can make a really, really big noise! Like this... Yah!
Kasumi: Wow! You're right! That's amazing, Kokoro~!
Tomoe: Th-the way she's moving... Even experienced performers have trouble doing that...
Misaki: Yeah, how do I explain this...? She's actually a bit of a prodigy. Although, she tends to make poor use of that genius brain of hers...
Tomoe: If she can play like that after one practice, I can't wait to see what'll happen at the festival. We might have found a real star here! She could even make waves throughout the taiko world!
Misaki: Does such a world even exist...?
Kasumi: I better get back out there! I can't lose to Kokoron! We need heart, smiles and energy that can reach the sun, right?! I'm gonna chase away this rain with everything I've got~!
Tomoe: That's the spirit! Make sure you keep that up on the day of the festival and drive away any bad weather.
Kasumi: Of course. If we're going to do this, I want lots and lots of people to see us play!
Kasumi: ... Ah! How about after this, we make some teru teru bozu dolls?! That way, we can wish that there will be clear skies on the day of the festival!
Misaki: Teru teru bozu dolls...? This isn't elementary school, you know...
？？？: Oh? Udagawa-san...? Is that you?
Tomoe: ... Hm? Ah! If it isn't Sayo-san! What are you doing here?
Sayo: I'm just taking a shortcut on my way to band rehearsal.
Kasumi: Ah! Sayo-senpai~! Hello~! Kokoron and Misaki-chan are here too~!
Misaki: N-nice to see you...
Sayo: Quite the interesting group you have here. What exactly are you all doing here?
Tomoe: Just practicing taiko drumming for the festival this weekend. We're all performing together.
Sayo: Taiko for the festival...? I see. Well then, good luck, everyone.
Kasumi: Wait, Sayo-senpai! Why don't you join us?! Taiko is so much fun!
Tomoe: Oh, great idea! Come on, Sayo-san, give it a shot! I'd love for more people to know what makes taiko great! Just hit the drum once, and you'll totally get it!
Sayo: Huh? Me...? Playing the taiko drum...? I appreciate the invitation, but no thank you. I doubt I can play anything other than the guitar.
Kasumi: Ah, then even if you can't perform with us, it'd be nice to see you at the festival! Come cheer us on!
Sayo: ... I'm sorry, I can't do that either. If I go, I'll end up ruining the festival you've worked so hard for...
Tomoe: Hm? What do you mean? Why would you coming ruin the festival?
Sayo: Every time I go to any event, it starts raining. It's been this way for a long time now. If I were to attend, something tells me the weather will suddenly take a turn for the worse...
Misaki: You really think so...?
Sayo: It's just a feeling that I have... My apologies, but I cannot attend your performance.
Kokoro: That's so cool, Sayo! You have the power to summon rain! I bet if you went to the desert, you'd make everyone smile!
Misaki: K-Kokoro! I'm so sorry! She wasn't trying to be rude or anything.
Sayo: Me? Go to the desert...? Fufu, I suppose people there would be happy to see me there. I've never thought of it like that before.
Kokoro: You're amazing, Sayo! Who else do you know who can make it rain?!
Kokoro: Now I really want to know more about you! Why don't we hang out together at the festival?!
Sayo: N-no... I think I'm still going to pass...
