event128-07 Ending: Reason for Excitement

LOCK has had so much fun spending time with Kasumi during the festival. Could that be why the atmosphere feels so bright?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Kaoru Seta, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy- Class 3C's Kaoru Café]

MASKING (Masuki): Well, we made it to the goal without any major problems.
Kasumi: Yeah! Only Moca-chan would think of handing out bread from Saya's place as a participation award~.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm going to have mine for breakfast tomorrow.
Ako: That's a good idea! I'm gonna do that too~!
Kaoru: My humble apologies for keeping you waiting, my little kittens. Here is your Fragrance of Kaoru Tart and Kaoru Every Time You Turn Around.
MASKING (Masuki): I ordered the Fragrance of Kaoru.
LOCK (Rokka): I had no idea you ordered a shortcake, Kasumi-senpai.
Kasumi: It's not just any cake, though! Just look on this side...
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, it's Kaoru-senpai! Is that a cookie...?
Kasumi: It looks like it! Wanna eat it, LOCK?
LOCK (Rokka): I-I couldn't do such a thing!
Ako: Ah! Look, look! Even the coaster has Kaoru on it!
Kaoru: Fufu, you are welcome to take it home with you.
MASKING (Masuki): This tart's pretty good...
Kasumi: So is this cake~.
Kaoru: Indeed... Savory and fleeting...
Kasumi & MASKING: Fleeting...!
Kaoru: Fufu... You are welcome to stay as long as you wish. Unfortunately, I must take my leave. May your time here be most fleeting.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much!
Kasumi: Hey, guys. Thanks for going around with me today! I had so much fun!
LOCK (Rokka): N-no, I should be the one thanking you! Being with you made everything constantly feel bright and exciting!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. It felt just like one of Poppin'Party's gigs.
Ako: It did! Seeing you have fun made it enjoyable for the rest of us, Kasumi!
Kasumi: Oh~, really~? Ehehe...
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! You're the one who brought us all together. The reason I'm here is because of Poppin'Party's concert!
Kasumi: Aww~, you're such a sweet girl, LOCK~! Hug~!
LOCK (Rokka): Ahh!
Ako: But you did the same thing, Rokka.
LOCK (Rokka): Hm? I did?
Ako: Mmhmm! King was able to become friends with everyone in class because you asked her to come!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. And you're the reason I got to enjoy this awesome festival.
MASKING (Masuki): I've never really been to events like this, so I was kinda nervous at first.
MASKING (Masuki): But I had a pretty good time thanks to you! So yeah, thanks, LOCK!
LOCK (Rokka): Masuki-san...
Kasumi: Oh yeah! The rest of Poppin'Party should be here in the afternoon! Let's group up and have even more fun~!
Ako: I like that~! I wonder if Rin-rin will be here soon.
LOCK (Rokka): Masuki-san, the others in RAS said they'd come too, right?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. They'll probably message us soon.
Kasumi: That's great! Then we can all have fun together! Do you think CHU²-chan will join us~?
MASKING (Masuki): Don't see why not. Today's Halloween, after all. We gotta have a good time.
MASKING (Masuki): I think they'll enjoy gettin' to look at where LOCK goes to school.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, I hope so...!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, why don't we go to Hina-senpai's and Yukina-senpai's classes once everyone arrives?
Kasumi: Great idea! I wanna go to the stalls! And the pound cake place! Oh, and I wanna do Moca-chan's Jack-O'-Lantern Hunt again!
Ako: Ahaha! There's so many things to do!
Kasumi: Oh... I wonder who that girl who looked like Tsugu was.
MASKING (Masuki): Girls who look like her from behind are pretty common if you ask me.
Kasumi: Yeah, that's true, but I can't stop thinking about it for some reason~.
LOCK (Rokka): ... Hm? Asuka-chan mentioned something similar earlier...
LOCK (Rokka): Halloween is a time to welcome spirits...
LOCK (Rokka): Oh... wait a minute...
Kasumi: Hm? What? Did you say something?
LOCK (Rokka): I-it's nothing! Nothing at all!
Kasumi: C'mon, you can tell me, LOCK~!
LOCK (Rokka): I-it's really nothing~!
