event128-01 Opening: Heart-Pounding Discussion

The blossoming first-years discuss the upcoming Halloween festival...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

LOCK (Rokka): You're so smart, Asuka-chan! I can't believe you got that physics problem!
Asuka: Really? It was just applying what we've learned. Anybody would've been able to figure it out with a little thought.
Ako: I forgot the equations, so I had no idea~. I'm so glad I didn't get called~.
Asuka: You shouldn't think like that~. You'll never learn that way.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufufu! Do you know what's for next period?
Ako: We have to decide what our class is gonna do for the Halloween festival!
Asuka: How come you always manage to remember things like that?
LOCK (Rokka): The Halloween festival, huh~? City schools sure do amazing things~.
Ako: I don't think it's that... It's probably because Hina-chin's the student council president.
Ako: I heard she said something like, "We should do something boppin' since it's Halloween~♪" during a student council meeting.
LOCK (Rokka): Hina-senpai likes things wild, doesn't she...?
Ako: So, what do you guys wanna do?!
Asuka: For?
Ako: For our costumes, of course! Halloween means costumes~! I want something cool~!
Ako: Look at this! Why don't we wear different-colored versions of it?
LOCK (Rokka): This costume... Wh-what~?! There's just t-too much skin showing~!
Ako: Really? I think it's normal~. What about you, Asuka?
Asuka: Not interested. I don't plan on wearing a costume anyway.
Ako: Aww~! Why?!
Asuka: Because it's embarrassing. And my sister will probably come.
LOCK (Rokka): What?! Kasumi-senpai's coming?!
Asuka: I'm sure she will. She can't resist events like this. Everyone in Poppin'Party will probably come too.
Ako: I'm gonna invite Rin-rin and the others~♪
LOCK (Rokka): O-oh my... Kasumi-senpai's coming...! How nerve-racking~!
Moca: Greetings, first years. You seem to be having fun~.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Moca-senpai! Hello.
Ako: Hey, hey, Moca-chin, have you invited anyone to the Halloween festival?
Moca: Nuh-uh, not yet~. I'm sure a lot of people will come anyway~.
Ako: True! I'm super excited too!
LOCK (Rokka): What are you supposed to do on Halloween anyway?
Moca: Umm... Threaten to trick people unless they give you treats, right?
LOCK (Rokka): I don't think there's supposed to be any threatening involved...
Asuka: Isn't Halloween some kind of tradition for welcoming spirits?
Asuka: And the whole dressing up thing is for scaring away evil spirits. I think it's also for protecting against misfortune...
Ako: Hmm, I see~. So the costumes aren't for playing with ghosts~.
Moca: By the way, has your class decided what kind of a shop or activity to do for the festival?
LOCK (Rokka): Not yet. We'll be deciding next period.
Ako: What about your class, Moca-chin?
Moca: We just did~. But I'm not telling you~.
Ako: Aww~!
Moca: I don't want your class to copy my magnificent idea~.
Ako: W-we won't~! Plus I've got an ultra great idea too!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, the bell! Class is about to start!
Moca: Well, be sure to drop by my class on Halloween~. I promise you'll have fun~. It's my special idea, after all~.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, we will.
Moca: Good, good. Anyway, good luck deciding what to do~.
Ako: Bye-bye~!
Ako: My idea is to have a... umm, demon that comes from the demon realm and~...
Asuka: Sure, sure. I hope your idea gets chosen.
Ako: C'mon~, you haven't even let me finish explaining~!
