event128-05 Chapter 4: Go! Halloween Town!

LOCK joins Kasumi as she wanders around the different classrooms. They then come across a Jack-O-Lantern Hunt.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Ako: Moca-chin, we came~!
Moca: Ooh, greetings to all of you~.
Kasumi: Wow! Moca-chan, your outfit just screams Halloween!
Moca: Right~? I'm the guide, after all~. Now, allow me to explain the rules~. Ahem...
Moca: I have been waiting for you, oh brave challengers~. Demons and spirits wander the streets here at Halloween Town. Let us see if you have what it takes to make it through alive.
Moca: That basically just means you have to use these sketches to find the monsters here, collect clues, and make your way to the goal.
LOCK (Rokka): Okay! ... I'm not sure I'll be able to find them with just a drawing.
Moca: Don't worry~. Here's a sketch of the monsters~.
MASKING (Masuki): I dunno most of the students here. Not sure I'd be much hel- Ah.
Kasumi: Ooh~, them... It's so obvious who they are.
Moca: These monsters are most fickle~. There is no telling where they may be wandering about. You must keep a vigilant eye~.
Ako: Very well! I, Demon Princess Ako, shall use the dark powers of my evil eye to... uhhh... discover the monsters... with a bang!
Moca: Mmhmm, good luck with a bang~.
(Black cut)
Ako: Hmm, they're so hard to find. I wonder where Sis and Ran-chan are.
LOCK (Rokka): We've checked most of the classrooms, but we still haven't been able to find them.
MASKING (Masuki): You'd figure they'd be easy to spot because of the way they're dressed. They hidin' somewhere or somethin'?
Kasumi: Ooh~! Wow! Look! Look up!
LOCK (Rokka): Up...? Wow! It's a witch!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh, it's hanging from the ceiling like an ornament. Looks pretty well-made.
Kasumi: Yeah! It feels like we've really wandered into a town on Halloween!
MASKING (Masuki): And those two are supposed to be wandering around this town.
LOCK (Rokka): Hmm, I wonder where Ran-senpai and Tomoe-senpai are likely to be.
Ako: If I were Sis and her friends, where would I go...? Ah! I think I got it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Kasumi: Ah! Found them~! I found them, guys~!
Ran & Tomoe: Whoa!
Ako: I knew you'd be up here, Sis, Ran-chan!
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, Ako-chan! You got it right!
Ako: Ehehe~! It was the magic that flows within me that told me~.
Ako: By the way, you two look like ultra cool monsters!
Tomoe: Right? You look good in your costumes, too!
Kasumi: Ran-chan, is your eye okay? Did you get hurt?
Ran: It's just part of my costume...
Tomoe: I didn't expect you to come too, Masuki! It's kinda refreshing to see you here.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. I've been really enjoyin' this festival you've got here.
Kasumi: Have you been hiding here the whole time? You should've been going around and enjoying the festival~.
Ran: We were until just now. We got tired and were taking a break.
Tomoe: We're both checkpoints, so people have been coming up to us constantly. We haven't been able to rest at all.
LOCK (Rokka): Being a monster sounds like hard work...
Ran: Hey, you sure you guys have time to stand around?
Kasumi: Oh yeah, we need to find the next monsters! Could you give us our clue, Ran-chan?
Ran: Yeah, yeah. Here's a sketch of the next two.
MASKING (Masuki): Bet it's not gonna be easy this time~... Hm? Or maybe it will be.
Ako: It's so obvious~...
LOCK (Rokka): Um, Ran-senpai, Tomoe-senpai! Is it okay if we take a photo as proof that we found you?
Tomoe: Oh yeah... We're supposed to try to make our faces look cool.
Ran: There's no need to bother with the photo, is there? I bet Moca's just messing with us anyway.
Ako: What's wrong with trying to look cool? I can do that easy! Here's my fufufu face... And here's my snickering face!
Kasumi: Me next! My turn! Heh!
Tomoe: Well, rules are rules. Let's get this done and over with.
LOCK (Rokka): Okay~! Say cheese.
MASKING (Masuki): Heh...
Ran: Don't laugh at us...
MASKING (Masuki): Don't worry, I wasn't.
Ran: ... Not like it matters.
Kasumi: Show me, show me, LOCK! ... Ooh~, you two look so cool!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much, both of you!
