event316-01 Opening: A Fleeting Plan Takes Shape

During a regular Hello, Happy World! meeting, Kaoru seems to have something on her mind...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Kaoru Seta Land]

Kaoru: Ah... How fleeting...
Kaoru: Thank you for gathering here at Kaoru Seta Land today, my little kittens.
Kaoru: As you can see, I've prepared amusements inspired by Kaoru Seta, as well as a number of fleeting events that fulfill your requests.
Kaoru: A Kaoru Seta greeting, a Kaoru Seta reading session, a Kaoru Seta line dance, a Kaoru Seta soup kitchen... And the main attraction is a play produced by Kaoru Seta.
Kaoru: These are only a small part of what's in store, but I promise that every event held here today will bring you your brightest smiles.
Kaoru: Now then, please, lose yourselves in the world of Kaoru Seta to your heart's content. And with that, Kaoru Seta Land... is now open.
little kittens: Eeeeeek!!!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Earlier]

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Hagumi: And so, Mom was all like, and then Dad shot back and said, "If your mouth is bigger, you can fit more croquettes in it"!
Kokoro: My! Hagumi, your father truly does adore croquettes!
Kanon: So did your dad and mom make up properly?
Hagumi: Yep! He gave Mom a shoulder rub, made dinner, and then cleaned the bath, and she forgave him!
Misaki: They're as wild as ever, but... Well, I'm glad you two made up.
Misaki: Oh, Kaoru-san, good work. How was today's lecture...
Kaoru: The Kaoru Seta Museum... No, the Kaoru Seta Theater... Ah, what a dilemma...
Misaki: Huh? What's wrong? You've been going "hmm" this whole time.
Kaoru: I still think... Kaoru Seta Land is best, but what do you think, Misaki?
Misaki: Huh...? Wh-what, all of a sudden...?
Kokoro: Kaoru, if something's been bothering you, tell us about it!
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! If there's anything we can do to help, we'll do it!
Kaoru: Everyone... thank you.
Kaoru: To tell the truth... lately, I've been getting more and more letters like these from my little kittens.
Misaki: Umm, let's see... "Thank you for always bringing us fleeting beauty through your lives and performances. But it makes me so lonely when we can't see each other."
Kanon: And this one... "It might be selfish, but I want to see you more, Kaoru-san. If there were more places where I could see you, nights wouldn't feel so painfully bittersweet..."
Hagumi: Everyone really wants to see Kaoru-kun...
Kaoru: Yes... When I think of how my little kittens feel, it makes my heart ache. I can barely eat, and even during my university lectures, I find myself lost in thought...
Kaoru: So I came up with an idea. A dreamy place to grant my little kittens' fleeting wishes... I shall build Kaoru Seta Land.
Kokoro: My, what a wonderful idea! I'm sure all your fans will be thrilled!
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! It sounds super fun! I wanna go to Kaoru Seta Land too!
Kaoru: Fufu, isn't it? When the idea came to me, I got chills.
Misaki: Um... Actually, what even is Kaoru Seta Land...?
Kaoru: It's a fleeting yet beautiful world, of course... Created by Kaoru Seta, to make little kittens' dreams come true!
Misaki: Oh, this... She hasn't decided anything at all...
Kaoru: By the way, what kind of attractions or facilities do you think Kaoru Seta Land should have to make it fun?
Hagumi: U~m... I'd want a huuuge slide! One where everyone can go zwoooosh together!
Kaoru: How wonderful. In that case... How about printing a photo of my face on the slide, and having me gently catch each and every one of you at the bottom?
Hagumi: Waa~! That'd totally be fun!
Kokoro: If it's a place where people gather, we'd need a statue too, right? Let's build a big, shiny statue!
Kaoru: That's a splendid idea. I should get started on deciding what pose it will strike.
Misaki: Wow, you're getting ridiculous again...
Kanon: Yeah... But if a place like that really existed, I bet all Kaoru-san's fans would be happy.
Misaki: Well... That's only if it gets made, though.
Kokoro: Oh! I just thought of something really, really good!
Hagumi: What is it, Kokoron?!
Kokoro: If it’s going to be this fun, let’s not just keep it between us... Let’s think it through with everyone!
Misaki: Everyone... who?
Kokoro: All the Hello, Happy World! fans! I’m sure they’ll come up with tons and tons of ideas!
Kokoro: Then it’s settled! Let’s ask them on Hello, Happy Channel right away!
Kaoru: Fufu... This is going to get exciting. Now, wait for me, little kittens...!
Hagumi: Mii-kun, Kano-chan-senpai, let’s get ready already!
Misaki: Hold on, hold on. I get it, so calm down. I’ll set up the stream.
Kanon: Will this be okay? I have a feeling this is about to turn into something huge...
Misaki: Ahaha... I already have that feeling, too...
