event316-03 Chapter 2: Prep Time Begins!

With Kaoru Seta Land on the horizon, preparations get underway.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Kaoru Seta Land]

Misaki: So it really exists...
Kanon: I guess you'd call it a traveling amusement park... Something like this... I can't believe you put it all together in a single day...
Black Suit: Most of the buildings in the park are nearly complete, so once we receive your instructions for the opening day events, we can arrange everything right away. Please focus on planning the event, Seta-sama.
Kaoru: Ah, thank you... I truly appreciate your fleeting efforts from the bottom of my heart.
Kaoru: In that case, I'll give it my all and promise to make this a dreamland that brings the sweetest smiles to all my little kittens.
Hagumi: All right, let's make this a fun dreamland together~!
Kaoru, Kokoro & Hagumi: Yeah!
Kanon: This is turning into something pretty huge...
Misaki: Yeah... But now that we've come this far, we've just gotta do it...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: ...That's right. If I'm to detail my history, it seems I'd best make the timeline even more massive. Yes, like the murals in a grand cathedral...
Setup Staff A: Understood. We'll arrange it at once. By the way, regarding souvenirs for the visitors...
Kaoru: Let's hand out the latest volume of "Eternally Fleeting." It's already prepared.
Setup Staff B: Excuse me! The slide is finished, so could we ask you to check it...?!
Kaoru: ...Ah, splendid. As expected, the face photo posted across the front makes it an even more fleeting slide when it's a smile.
Kaoru: And let's do one last check on the slope angle, too. Just to be safe, I'll go down it one more time so little kids and the elderly can enjoy it safely-
Misaki: Kaoru-san, you're really fired up.
Misaki: Anyway, I should get back to my own work. Michelle's gonna be in the main show, so I've gotta make sure I pull my weight.
Misaki: Hmm... The lost child center is kinda hard to find, so maybe the illustration for it on the map should stand out more...?
Misaki: Kaoru-sa~n, about the map we're putting in the pamphlet...
Misaki: ...Huh? Kaoru-san? She was right over there a second ago.
Kokoro: That's great, Kaoru! Smile more!
Kaoru: Fufu... like this? Or would it be better if I held a rose in my mouth?
Misaki: When'd she get up there...?! Kaoru-sa~n!
Kaoru: ...Oh? Misaki, is it? Great work on the pamphlet design. I never expected you to take on such an important role yourself. Ah, how devoted... and fleeting...
Misaki: No, that's fine, but... Were you in the middle of something? Kokoro's snapping pictures like crazy...
Kokoro: We were taking model photos to make Kaoru's statue!
Misaki: Oh, got it...
Kaoru: By the way, Misaki... Should my right hand be open or closed? Which pose do you think best captures what makes Kaoru Seta... Kaoru Seta?
Misaki: I mean, neither one really feels that different...
Misaki: Hmm... But I guess an open hand feels more like you, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Hmm, true... With a closed hand, you can show strength, but an open hand... makes you feel ready to welcome your little kittens in.
Kaoru: That seems more fitting for Kaoru Seta Land. As expected of you, Misaki. You're dependable.
Misaki: Haha, well, thanks.
Kanon: Kaoru-sa~n!
Kaoru: Hey, Kanon. What's up?
Kanon: The sound staff said they're ready to prep for the voice recording, so they want you to come over. And they asked if we could get the script for the voice CD too...
Kaoru: I see. Thank you, Kanon. The script's already finished, so I'll send the file to the staff right now. Well then... let us head to the site.
Kokoro: Good luck, Kaoru!
Misaki: Kaoru-san sure looks busy~
Kokoro: But she looks like she's having so~ much fun!
Misaki: Yeah... I guess so.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kaoru Seta Land - Office]

Kaoru: ...Then, the prince comes to rescue the princess...
Kaoru: No... This won't do. There has to be a more beautiful, fleeting way for it to play out...!
Hagumi: Oh, there you are! Heeey, Kaoru-ku~n!
Kaoru: Hagumi...? What is it? This should be your lunch break...
Hagumi: Yeah, but I got worried about whether you were taking your break properly, so I came looking for you.
Hagumi: Did you eat lunch like you should? Here, an orange! And I brought an apple too! Look!
Kaoru: I see... Thank you, Hagumi. You're such a kind girl.
Kaoru: Oh...? You've got paint on your cute face and clothes. What happened? When did you get so colorful...?
Hagumi: Ehehe, I was making signs!
Kaoru: Signs?
Hagumi: I figured it'd be easier if there were signs all over the park that say, "The main stage is over here~"!
Hagumi: So I got some paint and boards from the People in Black and made them~. Then I got totally absorbed in it, ehehe.
Kaoru: So that's what happened... But why did you go that far...?
Hagumi: Because I want all Kaoru-kun's fans to be happy!
Hagumi: I read tons of comments on Hello, Happy Channel, and I realized something.
Hagumi: I'm always with Kaoru-kun in Hello, Happy World!, so it's hard to notice, but...
Hagumi: If I hardly ever got to see Kaoru-kun, I'd definitely come here super excited!
Hagumi: That's why I want everyone who came here to be all smiles! Like, "I'm so glad I came~!"
Kaoru: I see... Hagumi, you truly are...
Hagumi: So, what were you doing, Kaoru-kun? ...Hm? Is that manuscript paper on the desk?
Kaoru: Ah, this is the script for the play we'll be performing.
Kaoru: It's an important play that will be the main event of Kaoru Seta Land. I've been revising it again and again so I can deliver the best performance to my little kittens.
Hagumi: Ohh, gotcha~. Even though you already look busy with everything else... Should I help too? Are you sure you're okay?
Kaoru: I'm fine. When I think of my little kittens' smiles as they wait in anticipation, it's nothing at all.
Kaoru: Besides... A wonderful idea just came to me. I'll have it finished soon, fufu.
