event316-02 Chapter 1: The Little Kittens Speak

The gang streams to gather ideas for bringing Kaoru Seta Land to life, but-

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kokoro: Ready, set!
All: Hello, Happy Channel!
Michelle: Hey, everyone~! Have you been doing well~?
Kokoro: There's something I want to talk over with everyone today! Kaoru, explain!
Kaoru: In truth, I've been drawing up plans to build a dreamland where little kittens can enjoy a fun, fleeting time together... Seta Kaoru Land.
Kaoru: So I'd like to gather everyone's thoughts on what kind of attractions would make it even more fleeting. Please, don't hold back.
Hagumi: We're gonna read them out now, so send us tons of comments!
Kanon: I wonder what kinds of ideas we'll get?
Michelle: Yeah~. It's a pretty broad question, but~... Wait, whaaat~?!
Michelle: W-wha... What's with all these comments?! They're going by way too fast to keep up~?!
Kanon: Fue... It's making my head spin...!
Kaoru: Meet-and-greets, staged readings, line dancing... I see. They all sound delightful.
Michelle: Whaaat?! Kaoru-san, you can read all that~?!
Kaoru: Yes, of course. I can't afford to miss a single earnest word from my little kittens.
Michelle: And you're saying it so casually~...!
Kaoru: Hmm... A Kaoru-san timeline, an exhibit of costumes worn at past lives and stage shows, Kaoru-san audio guides, and sales of Seta Kaoru Land exclusive goods...
Hagumi: I can read a little too! Um... There's a studio recreating Kaoru-kun's bedroom, an ice show starring Kaoru-kun, and even a soup kitchen run by Kaoru-kun!
Kokoro: Incredible! The wonderful ideas just keep coming!
Kaoru: Ah... To receive this much love all at once... Even I must admit, it's terribly sinful of me...
Kokoro: Hey, everyone! Don't you think it'd be even more fun if there were a bronze statue of Kaoru? We should totally make one!
Hagumi: Let's make a huge slide too! We can all go down together on three!
Kanon: "Agreed!" "That's a must!"... Looks like everyone's on board.
Michelle: And next... "A voice CD of Kaoru-san singing lullabies"...?
Kanon: "We want you to create perfume inspired by Kaoru-san's scent...!" P-perfume...?
Kokoro: Amazing! There are tons of ideas we'd never even think of!
Kokoro: Don't hold back, everyone! Keep writing down more and more fun ideas!
Kaoru: Ah, please remove the blindfold from your hearts, and send anything without shame. I will accept it all.
Michelle: W-wait a second~! The number of comments is just going up and up~!
Hagumi: They're coming in too fast, I can't read them anymore~! Wh-what do we do, Michelle~?!
Michelle: U-um~...
Michelle: Everyone~, thanks for all the comments~! We’ll read through everything you sent later, so we’re gonna end the stream here for now~!
(Black cut)

[After the Stream]

Kanon: Phew... That was coming in so fast... My eyes are still kind of blurry...
Misaki: It really was a tidal wave... I feel like the comments are usually a lot calmer...
Kanon: Kaoru-san really does have a ton of passionate fans. I’m surprised all over again.
Misaki: Yeah, after seeing all that enthusiasm... we’ve gotta take it seriously too.
Kokoro: Hey, Misaki, look at this too! We got so many wonderful comments! Here!
Misaki: There are seriously so many... Also, how do you even do a soup kitchen...?
Misaki: A Kaoru Seta plushie, a Kaoru Seta tear-off calendar... There are tons of ideas for merch people want.
Kanon: I guess it’s because it’d make Kaoru-san feel closer in everyday life...
Misaki: Maybe. But looking at these... I think the most common request is still that they want to see Kaoru-san’s play.
Kaoru: As I thought, the main dish of Kaoru Seta Land should be a play. We’ll have to put our all into this.
Kokoro: Then we’ll need a big stage and seating for the audience!
Misaki: If the main thing is the play, then for everything else, we can try to make whatever seems doable happen...
Kaoru: No... Let’s make as many of them come true as we can.
Misaki: Huh?!
Kaoru: To make every last one of my little kittens' dreams come true... It's a perfect fit for the ideals of Kaoru Seta Land.
Misaki: Wait, wait, hold on! If you do that, Kaoru-san's gonna collapse!
Misaki: And anyway, you keep saying Kaoru Seta Land, but where are we even doing this? There's no way a place like that...
Kokoro: Oh, don't worry. I've already got the location ready!
Misaki: Huh...?
