event198-04 Chapter 3: Everyone’s Different, and We...

It's break time, but the kids still have plenty of energy...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Michelle (Misaki): Siiigh... I'm so tireeed~...
Kanon: Good work out there, Misaki-chan. I'm exhausted, too.
Michelle (Misaki): I thought we'd be done after our segment was finished, but then we ended up getting roped into helping with Kaoru-san's...
Michelle (Misaki): And I already have a bad feeling about how much I'm gonna get worked in Hagumi's exercise corner that's coming up...
Kanon: Yeah... But it looks like everyone's still full of energy. They're playing around even though it's break time right now.
Michelle (Misaki): Seriously, they never run out of gas, do they? I've got a little brother and sister so I've got experience, but handling this number of people is backbreaking.
Kanon: I know what you mean. The caretakers at all the places with young children that we've played concerts at must have helped us out a lot...
Michelle (Misaki): Right? I can't thank them enough.
Kokoro: ... Look, Kaoru! Hagumi! There's a bunch of comments coming in about our livestream!
Kaoru: Indeed there are. It seems our work here has brought smiles not only to the little kittens present, but to all of our little kitten viewers online, as well.
Hagumi: Yeah! And it's all thanks to Kokoron coming up with this idea!
Hagumi: Not only that...
Comment: "My kid wants to try building a robot now. Apparently it's going to be one that can fly around in space."
Comment: "My daughter loves princesses, and now she really wants to play a princess in her own version of Momotaro. Apparently, I'm going to play her handmaiden!"
Hagumi: The comments aren't just about kids, either...
Comment: "Planet Michelle got turned into a warzone in seconds LOL"
Comment: "That was the most insane version of Momotaro I've ever seen. Keep it up, this is incredible."
Hagumi: ...
Hagumi: ... These are definitely comments from grown-ups, right?
Hagumi: The original plan was to make this a show that kids would like, but...
Comment: "It's crazy how infectious their energy is. I haven't had this much fun watching a stream in ages."
Comment: "Ahaha, I'd love to let my children participate in your next show! Honestly I think I'd end up having more fun than my kids would haha"
Hagumi: It looks like grown-ups are liking our show a lot, too.
Mei: ... Miss Hagumi!
Hagumi: Whoa! What's up, everyone?
Saki: Come play with us, pleaaase~!
Hagumi: Sure, no problem! Let's play!
Hagumi: What do you all wanna do?
Shouta: Hide and seek!
Yuki: I wanna play house!
Kenta: Ghost hunters!
Hagumi: ...!
Hagumi: Hey, could I ask you all a question?
Nanako: What is it~?
Hagumi: What do you guys like?
Reina: Like...?
Kazuma: I like superhero shows! The ones that're on TV every Sunday!
Haruka: I like... anything with bunnies!
Mei: I like cooking! I help my mom in the kitchen!
Yuu: I... I like drawing pictures... of lizards, or geckos...
Hagumi: ... Hm...
Hagumi: Hm... I see. You've all got different things you like!
Aoi: Yeah! Different!
Mei: What do you and the others like?
Hagumi: Me and the others...? Well, as for me... I like...
Hagumi: I like softball! Oh, and my store's croquettes! And getting my body moving!
Hagumi: And Kaoru-kun likes acting. You already saw before, but she's really good at it!
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai likes jellyfish and other things that live in the water... She's even helped out a lost penguin before!
Hagumi: Mii-kun likes to say how much she likes peace and quiet, but she's always ready to do fun things with us!
Hagumi: Michelle doesn't really talk much about what she likes. I'll ask her later, though!
Hagumi: And Kokoron likes fun things! She loves to do fun things that make lots and lots of people smile.
Hagumi: I really like all of them. I like Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: I love them!
Hagumi: Which is why-
Michelle (Misaki): Hagumi-chaaan~! Break time's almost over~!
Hagumi: Okaaay! It's my segment next, right? I'm gonna go prepare!
Mei: You're next?! What are we gonna do?!
Hagumi: Hmm... I wanna make sure it's something you can all have fun with!
Hagumi: So look forward to it, everyone!
Mei: Okay!
Hagumi: ... Let's do this.
