event198-01 Opening: Streaming Time!

The band members arrive at the surprising location specified by Kokoro.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Filming Studio - Hallway]

Kanon: Th-this place is pretty big...
Hagumi: Yup! I bet it'd be super hard to find people if we played hide and seek!
Misaki: Please, don't. Seriously. ... What on earth could Kokoro have planned, calling us to a place like this?
Kanon: It was kind of a surprise when she called, wasn't it? This... is a television studio, right?
Misaki: Now that you mention it, she did just casually drop that little tidbit on us during the call... "We've got filming to do, so everyone come on over!"
Kaoru: Fufu, surely there is a Kokoro-esque surprise awaiting us. Ah, these moments spent waiting in eager anticipation... How fleeting...
Hagumi: ... Oh, what if we're here to shoot a music video?! What do you think, Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: Hm, in my humble opinion... perhaps we are here to star in a motion picture?
Misaki: Haha, a movie? Yeah, right... Ah, this is the studio Kokoro was talking about.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Oh, you're all finally here!
Kanon: K-Kokoro-chan? What is this set...?
Kokoro: Fufufu, isn't it adorable? I feel happier just being here!
Hagumi: Wow~! Look at all the kids~!
Kaoru: There appears to be a camera crew, audio engineers, and other staff as well.
Kokoro: Right! So let's get straight to filming!
Misaki: Wh-whoa, hold on, Kokoro! How about you explain what's going on, first?! What are we doing here? And what's with these kids...?
Kokoro: Huh? Didn't I say over the phone, though? We're going to be doing a shoot today.
Misaki: I mean, yeah, you said that, but... Wait. By "shoot," do you mean...?
Kokoro: That's right! We're going to make a kids show!
Hagumi: A kids show?!
Kokoro: I saw one the other day on TV. There were lots and lots of kids all singing and dancing and playing together!
Kokoro: And everyone's smiles looked sooo nice~! Which is why after seeing that, I thought I'd like to give it a try, too!
Misaki: You "thought"...? You prepared all this based on a "thought"...?
Kaoru: So what you mean to say is, what is recorded here shall be delivered to living rooms all across the nation. Is that correct?
Kokoro: Yes! Well, not on TV, though. We're going to stream it live online.
Misaki: Stream it online...?
Kokoro: Exactly! That way, we can reach people all over the world! Doesn't that sound exciting, everyone?!
Kanon: S-streaming live...? And to the whole world...?
Kokoro: After I talked with the suits about it, they got this studio ready for us, plus a place to stream online.
Hagumi: Ah, you're right! We've got our own account on this streaming site now!
Misaki: You went this far...? I mean, I guess I'm not really surprised, but still...
Kokoro: So what do you think, everyone? It sounds like lots of fun, right? We'll be able to deliver smiles to people even if they're far, far away!
Hagumi: Yeah! I'm totally in!
Kaoru: That we may reach those whose faces we have no means of knowing, watching from distant lands... Fufu. I expected nothing less from you, Kokoro. What a revolutionary, fleeting idea.
Kanon: Yeah... I'm a little nervous, but it does sound like fun.
Misaki: Not all of you, too...
Misaki: Ah, jeez... You've already got everything set up and the kids here anyway. It's not like I can tell you to quit now...
Misaki: But in return, make sure you remember to control yourselves, guys! Especially you three.
Kokoro, Hagumi & Kaoru: Okaaay!
Misaki: That scarily synced reply just makes me even more worried... Anyway, I'll call Michelle and have her come over.
Hagumi: A kids show, huh... What should I do?
Hagumi: Exercising with everyone sounds like fun. We could have them move to some music, too... Ehehe, there's so many choices!
Kaoru: Goodness. You certainly seem pleased, Hagumi.
Hagumi: Yeah! I love playing with kids! That's why I wanna make sure this show will be one that everyone can enjoy!
Kokoro: That's the spirit, Hagumi! We'll deliver smiles to kids all over the world!
Kanon: A-all over the world... That's kind of scary to think about.
Michelle (Misaki): I'm here~... Oh man, everyone's already so excited...
Kokoro: Alright, that's everyone! Now, it's time for the Hello, Happy Channel's first livestream...
Kokoro: "With Hello, Happy World! and Friends!" starts now!
