event198-06 Chapter 5: What I Want to Do

What Hagumi can do. What Hagumi wants to do. What is the answer she arrives at?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Hagumi: ... Okay...
Hagumi: Everyone~! Gather round~! It's time for my segment to start~!
Miki: So what're we gonna do~?
Hagumi: Here's the plan~... We're all gonna play a concert together!
Aoi: Concert...?
Hagumi: Has anyone here ever been to a concert before~?
Haruto: Nooo.
Kazuma: Oh, me! I saw my sister's concert!
Mana: Wow~! That's so cool~!
Hagumi: So some of you have seen a concert before, huh? But don't worry, whether you've been to one or not, I know you're all going to have lots of fun today!
Michelle (Misaki): Hold on, Hagumi-chan!
Hagumi: Hm? What's up, Michelle?
Michelle (Misaki): What do you mean, "what's up"?! Why are we suddenly doing a concert?!
Hagumi: Well~... I figured this way, we could let everyone have fun in their own way!
Hagumi: And I have lots and lots of fun when I play concerts with you guys!
Michelle (Misaki): This is just for fun...?
Kenta: Hey, Michelle~. Can you play something~?
Michelle (Misaki): Uh, I'm the DJ, actually~.
Miki: Hey~, how are you supposed to do a concert~?
Hagumi: So here's the thing... There's no rules!
Miki: Huh?
Hagumi: Just have fun however you want! You can sing with us, dance with us, or just sit and listen to the music...
Hagumi: As long as you're having fun, that's the right way to do it. There's not any set sort of rules you have to follow.
Hagumi: I mean, we're all different. I wanted to do something that lets everyone try having fun in all sorts of ways, so...
Hagumi: Let's do a concert!
Kokoro: Fufu. Then I'll do what I have the most fun doing and sing!
Hagumi: Oh, let's have a contest, then! We'll compete to see who has more fun!
Kokoro: Yes! Bring it on!
Kokoro: Okay, then~... Start the music!
Michelle (Misaki): (Aw gosh... Competing to see who can have more fun? Wasn't this supposed to be a kids show?)
Michelle (Misaki): (... But honestly, it might be better this way. For you two.)
Michelle (Misaki): (After all...)
Kokoro: Oh, my! You have such a wonderful voice! Want to sing with me?
Mei: Huh...? Really...?
Kokoro: Of course! Come on, from the next phrase! Let's go!
Kaoru: Greetings, little kitten. May I ask what you are doing?
Yuu: Um... I really like this song, so I wanna focus on listening.
Kaoru: Fufu, I see. That is but another fleeting way to enjoy yourself.
Michelle (Misaki): (Everyone's having fun in their own way...)
Kanon: ... Fufu.
Michelle (Misaki): What is it, Kanon-san?
Kanon: Ah, well, I was just reminded of my little brother. The TV shows he liked to watch when he was younger all looked quite chaotic, and his favorite characters were a bit odd.
Michelle (Misaki): Ah... Yeah, old kids shows were surprisingly off the wall, weren't they?
Michelle (Misaki): They had the Mona Lisa singing, or taught history through songs... They may have been shows for kids, but they weren't trying to trick them into having fun.
Michelle (Misaki): ... Instead of worrying about what's standard or trying to make things perfect, just having fun and letting that show like Kokoro and Hagumi might've actually been the correct choice.
Kanon: Fufu. Yeah, you might be right. But I do think they liked our arts and crafts corner too, you know.
Michelle (Misaki): ... Yeah. Everyone's got different tastes, after all.
Hagumi: Hey, everyone... That means all of you here, and all of you watching us from the other side of that screen, too! Can you hear us?
(White cut)
(Background change)
High Schooler: Sorry 'bout the wait~... What're you looking at? A video?
High Schooler: Oh, this? It's some new channel. A bunch of high schoolers are making a kids show.
High Schooler: Huh. Is it good?
High Schooler: Hm... Well, it's not bad.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Office Worker: ... Fufu.
Announcement: ... Please transfer here for the~...
Office Worker: ... Oh, no! I missed my stop...
Office Worker: (Ahhh... I've gone and done it now... Well, whatever. I'll show 'em at the office today.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: I'm having so much fun right now. How about all of you?
Hagumi: If you are, too, that'd make me really happy.
Hagumi: And if you aren't, then... Please, let me know what you think is fun!
Hagumi: That way, we can all keep finding new fun things together!
Hagumi: With Hello, Happy World! and Friends!
