event198-03 Chapter 2: Kaoru’s Masterpiece Theater

Kaoru's fleeting storytelling during the next segment mesmerizes everyone.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kaoru: Kaoru Seta's World Masterpiece Theater.
Kaoru: In this corner, your very own Kaoru Seta shall entertain all of our little kittens with an indubitably special story.
Kaoru: Out of respect for the immortal bard, I had initially planned to perform one of Shakespeare's works, but I have been advised by Michelle that it may be slightly too difficult for young kittens.
Kaoru: So rather than that, instead I shall deliver unto you all a present. I shall spin a tale so grand and so magnificent that nary an epic from the annals of history may eclipse it.
Michelle (Misaki): (Obviously Shakespeare's going to be way too hard for kids.)
Michelle (Misaki): (You've got to use something more familiar that everyone's going to recognize.)
Hagumi: Ah! It looks like she's starting!
Kaoru: Long, long ago, there lived an old man and woman who lived happily and fleetingly together.
Kaoru: One day, the old woman went to a peaceful, quiet river to wash their clothes whilst the old man went to the mountains to gather firewood.
Kaoru: As the old woman set about to washing, she saw an enormous peach floating down the river towards her. Bob, bob, it went as it neared.
Kaoru: Now this was a surprise. The woman took the giant peach back to their house, and together with the old man, they sliced into it, when...
Kaoru: "Ah, Mother! Father! Thank you for granting me life! My name is Momotaro, and I am the hero who shall bring light back to this world!"
Kokoro: I knew it! Kaoru's got everyone on the edge of their seats.
Kanon: You're right. She really is incredible.
Kaoru: ... And so the dog, monkey, and pheasant joined Momotaro on his journey across a great ocean to the island of Onigashima. When they took their first steps onto the island, sudd-...
Aoi: ... Hey, what happened to the old man and woman?
Kaoru: Huh?
Aoi: If Momotaro's gone to fight demons, then what are the old man and woman doing?
Kaoru: The old man and woman...?
Michelle (Misaki): (Aw c'mon, why would that matter~...?! I've never heard of Momotaro mentioning a thing about his parents...)
Hagumi: That is a good point though. I wonder what they did while they were waiting...
Michelle (Misaki): Hagumi-chan, you... You're still a child at heart, huh~...
Kaoru: ... In the meantime, Momotaro's parents were at home, anxiously awaiting his return.
Kaoru: "My sweet wife. You'll catch a cold standing out there all night."
Kaoru: "Ah, thank you, my dear husband. I cannot shake the feeling that Momotaro is out there, fighting the most important battle of his life..."
Kaoru: "... It must be because I can sense it. Because of my connection to Onigashima."
Kaoru: "My sweet... What do you mean...?"
Kaoru: "... I cannot bear to hide it from you any longer. The truth is, I am a descendant of a demon from Onigashima."
Hagumi: What?! Really?
Kaoru: "But I fell in love with you, my darling. And now we have our son, Momotaro as well... I am no longer fit to call myself a demon."
Michelle (Misaki): (K-Kaoru-saaan? Where are you going with this?)
Kaoru: "O, my husband! Wherefore art thou, my husband?"
Kaoru: "My beloved wife! I wish of you but one thing! Swear thy love to me, and I'll gladly refuse my name!"
Kaoru: ... And so, in the house that Momotaro had left, a shocking revelation was unearthed in regards to the birthplace of the old woman.
Michelle (Misaki): (It's Romeo and Juliet... It's Romeo, Juliet, Momotaro, and the demons...)
Mana: So that's what happened! Hey, do you know anything about the dog, then?
Kazuma: I wanna hear about the demons!
Mei: I want there to be fairies in the story!
Kaoru: Oh, my. Thank you for all the requests, my kittens. As entertaining as it would be to answer all of them...
Kaoru: Rather than that, how would everyone like to become fellow thespians and act out the parts you desire with me?
Kanon: E-everyone...?
Kaoru: For you, who wishes there to be fairies, you shall play a fairy. For you who has taken an interest in the demons, you shall play a daring demon.
Kaoru: And what would you like? ... I see. Then you shall be the hero who saves Momotaro in his direst time of need.
Haruto: I wanna be a monkey! Eek eek!
Takuya: Me too! Eeek!
Kaoru: Then how would you like to be a pair of monkey twins?
Michelle (Misaki): (Wow. She's given them all their own parts...)
Kenta: Hey, is Michelle not gonna show up in the story?
Nana: The other girls, too!
Kaoru: Oh, goodness. If that is what you wish. Come, Michelle, Kanon. Hagumi and Kokoro as well. Will you not come join in our show?
Michelle (Misaki): U-uh... Us, too...?
Hagumi: Okay! Let's go, Kokoron!
Kokoro: Yes! This is going to be so much fun!
Mei: Kanon-san can be a fairy with us! You fly around like this! Flap flap!
Kanon: Huh? Uh... Flap flap?
Kazuma: Michelle's my sidekick! We're gonna beat up monsters together!
Arisu: Hagumi-chan and Kokoro-chan can be on the monsters' side, okay?
Kokoro: Got it! I'll be the coolest monster ever!
Hagumi: I'm not gonna lose to you, Michelle!
Michelle (Misaki): I can't fight you guys~.
Nao: And the battle's gonna happen on Planet Michelle!
Michelle (Misaki): Whaaat~?!
Michelle (Misaki): (Everyone fought so hard to protect it, and it's already facing another crisis...!)
Kaoru: ... Fufu. So many people from different places and backgrounds, clashing and speaking to each other through the language of battle...
Kaoru: But surely what awaits them in the future is none other than peace...
Kaoru: This is how Momotaro saved the world. Nay, the universe. And so everyone lived the rest of their lives with beautiful, bright smiles on their faces.
Kaoru: ... Fleetingly ever after.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
