event198-07 Ending: With Hello, Happy World!

The voices of Hello, Happy World! reach out to everyone from across the screen!

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kokoro: Okay, last is my turn! But before that...
Kokoro: Hagumi! Kaoru! Kanon! Michelle! Come here, please!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh? Again? Gosh, I knew I'd end up working the whole show~...
Kaoru: If our presence is desired, then it would besmirch our names as thespians to not answer the call, would it not?
Kanon: Come on, Hagumi-chan!
Hagumi: Yeah!
Kokoro: I hadn't actually decided what I wanted to do for my segment until just now. Because I wanted to see how everyone made their own segments fun first.
Kokoro: Everyone, whose segment did you have fun with?
Kazuma: The concert!
Yuu: I liked when we all got to act together...
Mei: I wanna make another Planet Michelle!
Kokoro: Fufu, everyone said different things, huh? I had fun with all of them. Which is why I want to do this!
Kokoro: My segment is going to be everyone else's segments, together!
Michelle (Misaki): Wait, all of them?
Kokoro: The concert, the arts and crafts, and the storytelling were all so much fun! I can't decide which one was best!
Kokoro: Which is why we should do them all one more time! We can sing while acting and making Planet Michelle together!
Children: Yaaay~!
Hagumi: Yaaay~!
Kaoru: Yaaay~!
Kanon: Yaaay~!
Michelle (Misaki): ... Sigh. Well, if you're all having fun, then sure. Yaaay!
Kokoro: Alright everyone! Let's start!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
???: ... Kokoro... Tsurumaki...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Hagumi: Hmhmm... ♪
Kokoro: Oh, Hagumi!
Hagumi: Ah!
Hagumi: Kokoron, Mii-kun! You two must've just gotten done with homeroom too, huh?
Misaki: Yup. You're coming with us to Kokoro's place, right? We've got another Hello, Happy World! meeting today, after all... Wow though, you look happy today. Did something good happen?
Hagumi: Yeah! I was just looking at my phone and saw we got some more comments!
Kokoro: Comments?
Misaki: Are you talking about our livestream from the other day?
Hagumi: Yeah! You know how we can watch our show in the... "archive," right?
Hagumi: Well, I've been looking at the comments that people who came to watch later have been writing!
Misaki: Huh~... Oh, you're right. There's more now.
Comment: "I watched the whole thing start to finish and still have no idea what happened."
Comment: "That was so funny! :)"
Comment: "Hello, Happy World!, right? Bookmarked."
Misaki: ... !
Misaki: ... I see. Looks like we've reached all sorts of people out there, huh?
Misaki: There's not many views on our show, but... Out of the people that make up this number, some might've been able to smile thanks to us.
Kokoro: Exactly! And I'm sure they were the brightest, best smiles ever!
Hagumi: I think so, too! I mean, we had so much fun too, after all!
Hagumi: ... That's it! I've thought of what I want to do for our next video!
Kokoro: Oh, and what's that?
Hagumi: I wanna go meet the people who left these comments! Then we can all do more fun things together!
Misaki: Meet them...?
Kokoro: My, that's a wonderful idea! Let's do it!
Misaki: Whoa, hold on, don't jump on board with that! Meet them? There's no way we could possibly mee-
Hagumi: Yeah we can! We're Hello, Happy World! As long as we work together, there's nothing we can't do!
Kokoro: It's settled, then! Let's get straight to having a strategy meeting! We've got to tell Kanon and Kaoru!
Hagumi: Okay! Let's run to your place, Kokoron!
Misaki: Ah, wait!
Misaki: Ugh...
Misaki: ... The fun really never ends for you guys, does it?
