event198-05 Chapter 4: Everyone’s Different, and I...

Hagumi has doubts about her segment, but Kokoro puts her mind at ease.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Studio - Dressing Room]

Hagumi: Hmmm~...
Hagumi: (What song should I use for my segment...?)
Hagumi: This song's pretty cute, so I bet Mei-chan would like it. But Kazu-kun would probably like a really cool song like this one.
Hagumi: Hm... Which one would they all like the most, though~...?
Kokoro: How's it going, Hagumi? Are you almost ready?
Hagumi: Ah, Kokoron! Actually, I'm thinking of what song I want to use for my segment right now!
Hagumi: I feel like they'd all be a lot of fun, but... Hm...
Kokoro: ... Hagumi, what are you worried about?
Hagumi: ... Kokoron, do you think everyone will like my segment?
Kokoro: Of course! I'm sure they'll all think it's lots of fun!
Kokoro: Because I know that you'll help them have fun! I'm sure of it!
Hagumi: Right...
Kokoro: Do you not think it'll be fun, Hagumi?
Hagumi: ...!
Hagumi: No, of course I do! I love getting my body moving, after all.
Hagumi: It's just, everyone has different things they like, and I want to make sure this segment's the best it can be for everyone...
Hagumi: But now, after doing all this thinking about what I could do to make everyone happy, it kinda feels like my head's started spinning.
Hagumi: Hmmm... What would be the most fun for everyone...?
Kokoro: Hmm...
Kokoro: Then, what do you have fun doing, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Huh?
Kokoro: Because if you aren't having fun, then other people won't be able to either.
Kokoro: So I think you should share what you think is fun with everyone! That's got to be the best answer, I know it!
Hagumi: I think...
Hagumi: I think that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Michelle (Misaki): Break time's almost over and Hagumi-chan's still not back, huh~...
Kanon: Yeah... Kokoro-chan hasn't come back from checking on her, either...
Kaoru: Fufu. I've no doubt in my mind that they're simply sowing the seeds for a positively transcendent production. I'm quite looking forward to what Hagumi has in store for us.
Michelle (Misaki): I mean, I am too, but... Wait. What is that?
Kanon: Ah! My drum kit...! And everyone else's instruments, too...!
Hagumi: Oh, they got everything set up for us already! Thanks, suits!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh? Hagumi-chan, you asked for this?!
Kanon: I thought you were going to do an exercise corner...
Hagumi: I am!
Hagumi: But actually, I wanted to change it a little bit!
Kaoru: Change it...? Hagumi, what ever could you have in store for us?
Hagumi: ... Something that the me right now wants to do with all of you!
