event310-03 Chapter 2: Aya-Sensei's Cute Lesson!

Aya sets out to bring out Eve's cuteness, and the two head into town to start filming.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[Recording Day]

Aya: Producing Eve-chan's cuteness! "Heart-Pounding! Happy Date"~♪
Eve: Wow~♪
Aya: In this segment, we'll go check out some popular foodie spots, do some shopping together, and show off all the cute sides of Eve-chan!
Eve: They haven't told me what we'll be doing either, so I've been excited the whole time!
Eve: Aya-san, I'm looking forward to today!
Aya: Fufu, leave it to me! Alright then, let's head to our first stop!
Film Staff: Okay, that's a wrap on the opening!
Aya & Eve: Thank you very much!
Film Staff: Just like we discussed, we've already gotten filming permission at all the places we're going. So from here on out, we'll leave the lead to Aya.
Film Staff: We'll basically keep rolling, so if there's anything you don't want shown, feel free to talk to us anytime!
Aya: Okay, thank you!
(Black cut)

[Specialty Stick Donut Shop]

Eve: I always thought these were something you eat at theme parks, but there's a specialty shop for them!
Aya: I was surprised when I found out for the first time, too. But it's really popular!
Eve: Wow, they have heart-shaped ones! And this one's so colorful too... I've never seen anything like this before!
Aya: Right? They're all super cute! Which one do you want, Eve-chan?
Eve: Hmm... I'm really curious about this rainbow one!
Aya: Okay! Two of the "Sparkly Rainbow," please.
Aya: Here you go.
Eve: Thank you so much! Now, let's dig in right away-
Aya: Eve-chan, wait a sec!
Eve: Oh, sorry. We haven't done the product shots yet.
Aya: Ahaha, normally we'd do that, but today isn't that kind of shoot. But still, we've gotta take a selfie first!
Eve: I see. When it comes to selfies, that's Aya-san for you. Go right ahead!
Aya: Hey, you haven't forgotten you're the star today, have you?
Eve: Huh?
Aya: I've been thinking this for a while, but you don't really post selfies on social media, do you?
Aya: Not that it's a bad thing, of course, but if you posted a selfie at places like this once in a while, I bet all your fans would be really happy.
Eve: As expected of Aya-san... You even think about that for me! Then, while I try to remember the tips you taught me before...
Eve: How's this?
Aya: Yeah, that looks good. You're cute enough as-is, but... Since we're here, why not try working the product into it?
Eve: You mean...?
Aya: Um, like, try bringing it up to your cheek, like it's your index finger... Or give it a little kiss. I also think it’d be cute to look away and take a bite.
Eve: A-amazing...! I can't believe you can get that creative with just one piece of candy. It's like a kendo stance!
Aya: Th-that comparison might be a bit intense...
Eve: Then, since we have the chance, I'll go with the kiss!
Eve: ...How about this one?
Aya: Yeah, that's super cute! Okay, let's post it on social media.
Eve: Fufu... Posting a selfie on social media like this feels kind of heart-pounding.
Aya: And later, when people watch this, realizing that post came from this shoot... That could be a nice little surprise, too.
(Black cut)

[Clothing Shop]

Eve: This fluffy, pink cardigan seems like it would suit you, Aya-san!
Aya: Wow, it's cute! Yeah, and it's been getting chilly more often lately, so that might be perfect.
Aya: In that case... how about this long plaid skirt? It feels very Eve-chan.
Eve: Yes, I love designs like that!
Aya: Fufu, we've been doing this together for so long, it's like we just know, you know? But going around looking at clothes like this, just the two of us... it feels really fresh.
Eve: It does. We've been so busy lately that I haven't been able to make much time for shopping.
Aya: In that case, let's try some outfits we normally wouldn't!
Aya: We already got permission to do try-ons, so let's show everyone lots of sides of you that are different from when you're modeling, Eve-chan.
Eve: Yes! Please take good care of me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: S-so cute!!
Eve: Ehehe, thank you very much.
Aya: That street style from earlier was a nice contrast too, but this look is just... wow, as expected!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Eve-chan, do you have a favorite?
Eve: Hmm... When I'm trying them on like this, they all feel so charming that I can't decide.
Aya: I get it~ I always end up torn, too.
Aya: It'd be hard normally, but since we've got this chance... Taking photos and asking all our fans which one suits you best sounds like so much fun!
Eve: I see... That idea never occurred to me...!
Eve: Aya-san, you really do value communicating with all your fans on social media, don't you? I should learn from you!
Aya: Fufu, thanks. Then let's keep going and have even more fun!
Eve: Yes! I can't wait to see what kind of photoshoot it'll be!
