event310-05 Chapter 4: Bushido or No Bushido

Through a quiz planned by Maya, the members dig deeper into the mystery of Eve's Bushido…

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Recording Day]

Eve: Eve Wakamiya's! Quiz "Bushido or No Bushido"!
Maya: Hello, I'm Maya Yamato, and I'll be your host.
Maya: From here on, you'll be predicting what choice Eve-san would make when faced with a variety of situations... when she has to pick between two options!
Maya: The standard Eve-san uses to choose is...
Eve: Bushido!
Maya: Right! So you'll be thinking about which option she'd choose based on that bushido spirit.
Eve: I'm excited to see what answers everyone comes up with!
Aya: Fufu, I feel like I know Eve-chan pretty well, so let's work together and aim for a perfect score!
Hina: I can't wait to see what kind of questions there'll be~
Chisato: Maya-chan and Eve-chan came up with them, right? Even so, I'm confident I'll get them right.
Maya: All right, question one! We'll start with an easy one to make sure everyone's got the flow!
Maya: "On your way to an important first meeting for work, you see a lost old woman. In this case, which is bushido: helping her, or not helping her?"
Maya: Okay, our first contestant is Aya-san! Which one do you think Eve-san chose, according to her bushido?
Aya: Fufu, this one's easy!
Aya: If it's Eve-chan, she'd absolutely help! I can't even imagine her not helping right then and there.
Maya: I see, an instant answer. Then let's go ahead and watch the VTR with the correct answer.
(Background change)
Eve: I'd help the woman! It goes against bushido to ignore someone in need!
(Background change)
Maya: And with that, the correct answer was "help"!
Aya: Yay!
Hina: But I was kinda wondering... If helping made you late, wouldn't that mean it isn't bushido?
Eve: If I thought I'd be late, I'd run with everything I've got and make up the time!
Chisato: Fufu, if you can act that quickly, it doesn't sound like being late will be much of a concern.
Maya: Have you gotten the hang of how the quiz works? From here on out, the difficulty's going up a bit.
Eve: Yes! Please try thinking about them from all kinds of angles!
Maya: All right, question two will be for Chisato-san! "If you could never come back, would you go to the past or the future?"
Chisato: The past or the future... Is there even a bushido-style answer to that?
Maya: By the way, which would you want to go to, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Hmm... If it were me, I'd choose the past. I'd like to see famous historical plays performed live.
Chisato: ...Thinking about it, choosing the past because she wanted to meet a samurai seems pretty likely.
Chisato: And there doesn't seem to be any other deciding factor, so I'll go with "the past."
Maya: I see, Chisato-san's answer is "the past." Now then, please take a look at the answer clip!
(Background change)
Eve: I'd choose "the future"!
Eve: The past has already happened. That's exactly why I think bushido means carving out the future with your own hands!
(Background change)
Maya: So, the correct answer was "the future"!
Chisato: I see... Looks like my thinking was a bit shallow.
Chisato: Even if you went to the future, Eve-chan would still be Eve-chan, carving her own path.
Eve: But it's not like that answer was a lie... I absolutely don't want to be separated from everyone, so...
Eve: If I could, I would've preferred not to choose either one.
Hina: Totally get it. If it were me, that's exactly what I'd have said!
Hina: But Eve-chan still made a choice. This next question looks tough, too.
Maya: It is. The last question is a pretty difficult topic, so brace yourself.
Hina: Okay, leave it to me.
Maya: Hina-san, the question you'll be answering is... the trolley problem!
Maya: "If you were holding the lever that switches the tracks, would you save your four bandmates, or one of your fans?" Please answer.
Aya: Whaaaat?! There's no way I can answer that!
Chisato: It's a classic thought experiment, but when you imagine it happening to you... it's pretty brutal.
Hina: Mm... I want you to save us, but our fans matter too...
Hina: I feel like I'd end up not choosing either... But I did choose earlier, so...
Hina: Ughh, this is tough! Which choice is bushido, anyway? Hmm...
Hina: My answer is "the fan"! We'll figure something out ourselves, so please save the fan!
Maya: ...Hina-san, thank you for your answer. Now, please watch the final answer clip!
(Background change)
Eve: I will... save "the fan."
Eve: Because I believe all of you can overcome the crisis with your own strength.
Eve: In that case, it's only natural to help the one in more immediate danger. This is what it means to trust your comrades... that is bushido!
(Background change)
Maya: The correct answer was "the fan"!
Aya: Wow! You even got the reason exactly right!
Eve: I'm surprised...! How did you know?
Hina: Because Eve-chan really trusts us, so I figured that was probably it.
Chisato: That last question... the way Maya-chan and everyone set it up, and Hina-chan's answer too... Both were serious, and really worth watching.
Maya: Yeah! Going through this project, I feel like I understand Eve-san's bushido even better now!
(Black cut)

[After Recording]

Aya: Nice work, Eve-chan. Every question left an impression, but that last one really surprised me.
Eve: Nice work! To be honest, when we were coming up with questions, I asked Maya-san to make them intentionally hard to answer.
Hina: Huh? Why?
Eve: Because I thought it would help the fans get to know what I really think.
Maya: I wasn’t sure how far to push things, but hearing that made me come up with some tough questions with no holding back.
Aya: I still can’t stop thinking about what I would’ve said for that last question.
Chisato: Because it wasn’t something you could answer easily, Eve-chan’s response really struck a chord.
Eve: They’ll be editing it, but truthfully, I struggled a lot too. I don’t think I could’ve talked about that if it weren’t for this segment.
Maya: At first, it was just my curiosity, but I’d be happy if this helps the fans see a new side of Eve-san!
