event310-04 Chapter 3: Stray Bushido: The Rogue Blade

The group decides to film an original period drama written and directed by Chisato, and everyone throws themselves into rehearsals.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Day]

Eve: Though I wander without a name like the blades of grass, to overlook a flower weeping beneath a heel would not be bushido.
Hina: W-who goes there?!
Aya: Y-you can't be...?!
Eve: A lone blade who turns his back on the world and lives only for justice... Wakamiya E-no-shin, at your service!
Chisato: Okay, stop. Sounds like you’ve got your lines down pat.
Eve: Yes! Thank you so much! Your script is so interesting, Chisato-san, I read it over and over!
Eve: To write such a wonderful script in such a short time... Thank you so much!
Chisato: I could tell how fired up you were at our first meeting, Eve-chan. I just wanted to deliver.
Aya: And the hero being a ronin was your idea too, Eve-chan. That intro was seriously cool!
Chisato: Even so, Aya-chan, you’re still in character, so you can’t just stare with your mouth hanging open.
Aya: Ah... You caught me?! As the heroine, I'll get back into gear!
Hina: I’m countin’ on you, Aya-chan. Otherwise, there’s no point in kidnapping you~♪
Maya: The casting is perfect. Aya-san as the tea house girl, Chisato-san as her mother, Hina-san as the evil magistrate after the girl, and I’m the merchant who helps that magistrate...
Maya: With just the five of us, the story still runs smoothly, and everyone gets their moment to shine.
Chisato: After talking it over with Eve-chan, we decided that since it's a short drama, we'd prioritize making it easy to follow.
Chisato: That said, we ended up asking Hina-chan and Maya-chan to play some pretty classic villains...
Hina: So that's why. But it's been a while since we've all acted together, so it feels fresh! And playing the bad guy is pretty fun, too!
Maya: I get it. It's not a role we normally get to play, so you can't help but get really into it.
Hina: Fu, fu, fu... Yamato-ya, you're quite the scoundrel yourself.
Maya: Huhuhu... I could never hope to match you, Magistrate.
Eve: You two are completely in character! I can't let you outdo me!
(Black cut)
Maya: It wouldn't be right if you couldn't repay what you owe. So instead, we'll be taking your daughter into our custody.
Aya: Eek~!
Chisato: No, that's not what we agreed on!
Hina: Mm... Sorry, can I say something?
Chisato: What's wrong, Hina-chan? Something bothering you?
Hina: It's that scene where the merchant kidnaps the teahouse girl. You all seemed so close in the beginning, but it feels weird that the mom doesn't fight back at all, y'know?
Maya: I see. You're right... that might come off as a bit odd.
Chisato: True... From a modern perspective, it might stand out. But given the time period, it's also partly unavoidable.
Hina: Yeah, but still... If that's the case, wouldn't it be way more interesting if the mom was secretly a kunoichi and challenged the merchant to a fight for her daughter's sake?
Aya: Huh?! You're throwing in a twist like that out of nowhere?!
Chisato: A kunoichi showing up out of nowhere is a bit... No, wait, let me think.
Eve: Chisato-san?
Chisato: Actually, compared to the climax, I'd been worried the middle part didn't leave much of an impression.
Chisato: Thinking about the overall structure, adding an action scene here might be effective for hooking viewers.
Hina: Right, right?! And on top of that, what if the merchant is secretly a ninja too, and then Chisato-chan and Maya-chan have a battle?!
Maya: Me too?! That definitely would be a twist the viewers wouldn't see coming.
Eve: That's a wonderful idea, Hina-san! However...
Eve: I do think it's very interesting, but wouldn't that increase the burden on Chisato-san and Maya-san?
Chisato: It's okay, Eve-chan. We weren't going to have that many scenes to begin with.
Chisato: More importantly, what matters most is delivering this production the way Eve-chan wants it.
Maya: Yeah! Besides, I want the fans to enjoy it too!
Eve: Chisato-san...! Maya-san...!
Chisato: Still, the idea's a bit rough right now, so we'll need to fine-tune it, including how it flows.
Chisato: For example, if we want to foreshadow the kunoichi early on-
Staff: Good work today. Do you have a moment?
Chisato: Yes. Good work today. I'm free.
Staff: Thank you. I just spoke with the organizers about "Cross×Point Fes."
Hina: Oh...!
Aya: "Cross×Point Fes."... That's the music festival Hina-chan was talking about, right?
Hina: Yup! The one where we're trying to get on the same stage as Sis!
Staff: We're moving forward smoothly with having the agency recommend Pastel＊Palettes for the event.
Staff: However, they asked if you could build up some recent achievements on the music side as well.
Chisato: If the other performers are mainly musicians like Roselia, I can see why they'd say that.
Staff: Yes. So, I know you're busy with the DVD production, but we'd like to work in lessons and some small shows too, if possible.
Aya: Understood. In that case, please don't hesitate to reach out! We want to perform, too!
Eve: Yes, I'm totally fired up!
Staff: Thank you. I'll be in touch again soon.
Hina: fufu, and Roselia's getting things moving too, right? There's so much to look forward to.
Maya: Yeah! It really makes you feel even more fired up about what's right in front of you.
Chisato: Yeah. First, let's make sure we get through this rehearsal properly.
