event310-02 Chapter 1: Agenda: Eve Wakamiya's Charms

The production of individual member DVDs has been decided, and Eve, going first, is fired up and ready to go.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3B]

Tae: Oh wow, you're getting a DVD, Eve?! What are idol DVDs like?
Rimi: Yeah, you kind of think of gravure stuff, right?
Eve: That's true. There might be a segment like that, but this time we have a different concept in mind.
Eve: I'm in the middle of planning all sorts of things by adding everyone's ideas to what I want to do!
Rimi: I see. Is it like the Pastel＊Palettes members are producing Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes, that's what it'll be like.
Tae: Sounds pretty fun. Want to try doing something like that with Poppin'Party, too?
Rimi: Huh?! Th-that might be kind of embarrassing...
Eve: That sounds great! I'd love to see it!
Rimi: Hmm... I've made short movies before, but it's not quite the same, is it?
Eve: Tae-san, how about something like playing with rabbits! I'm sure it'd be super cute!
Tae: Oh, nice idea, Eve.
Rimi: fufu, that sounds relaxing. Oh, but then the rabbits might end up being the main attraction...
Tae: I'd be fine with that. I want a rabbit DVD, anyway.
Eve: fufu. Tae-san's love for rabbits truly knows no bounds.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Talent Agency]

Chisato: All right, then... Shall we start talking about your DVD plan, Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes! Thank you for having me!
Maya: I reread the materials, but even if we say "bring out the members' charms," there are a lot of ways to interpret that, so I'd like us to make sure we're all on the same page.
Chisato: Right. If we don't even have a clear idea of what "charm" means, we can't turn it into a plan. So let's start by reaffirming what Eve-chan's charms are.
Aya: Eve-chan's charms, huh... There are so many, I don't even know where to start.
Aya: First, you're super cute, and you're always giving it your all, and you really treasure your fans, and then...
Eve: A-Aya-san! If you say it all at once like that, I'll get embarrassed...
Aya: Ah, sorry.
Chisato: True. Having to talk about your own charms again can feel a little awkward.
Chisato: But I think the key to this plan is making sure we properly convey, from our point of view, what makes Eve-chan so charming to the fans.
Hina: If it's for the plan, then go ahead and get praised to your heart's content!
Eve: I-If that's the case... Then, once again, thank you in advance!
Chisato: Okay, then... Let's see... I still think your inner strength is the best out of all of us.
Chisato: I'm sure I've clashed with you the most, but because of that, I've learned a lot from your strength of character.
Maya: Now that you mention it, I’ve learned a lot from Eve-san’s bushido too!
Maya: Having such a strong set of values is really cool. So I’d like to plan something that digs deeper into that.
Hina: Oh, you’re already thinking about the plan. As for me...
Hina: Oh, right. The way you can be pretty lonely sometimes is cute too. I bet not many people know about that side of you yet, huh?
Eve: Th-that’s... not exactly something I need to show, or...
Eve: But I’m very happy you think that way!
Eve: And if that really is one of my charms... then I want the fans to get to know it even better!
Aya: Yeah! That’s the spirit, Eve-chan!
Aya: So, watching that just now got me thinking. I still think it’d be best to do something that lets people see lots of Eve-chan’s cute side.
Aya: Like going shopping together, or taking selfies. I just really like seeing idols like that, but I think everyone would enjoy it too.
Eve: Wow! Getting Aya-san to produce my cute side... I couldn’t ask for a better opportunity!
Maya: Oh, may I make a suggestion of my own?
Maya: About what I said earlier, digging deeper into Eve-san’s bushido... I was thinking we could do it as a quiz segment.
Maya: The title would be... "Bushido or No Bushido"! What do you think?!
Eve: "Bushido or No Bushido"?! That sounds very interesting!
Chisato: Fufu, that's such a Maya-chan idea. Eve-chan, is there anything you want to do?
Eve: Let's see... Actually, there is one thing.
Eve: Since we were given this opportunity, I was thinking I'd like to try doing a period drama...
Hina: Ooh, a period drama sounds great!
Eve: But if it's acting... the preparations sound like they'd be a lot of work...
Chisato: True... If that's the case, I think I can help with direction. And if we have the members appear as the cast, it might be doable.
Aya: Yeah, I wanna try it too!
Eve: Really?! Then I'd love to ask you!
Chisato: Of course. This is a DVD with you as the star, Eve-chan. I think you should be proactive about doing what you want.
Maya: Agreed. And I won't hold back when it comes to helping!
Eve: Everyone...!
Hina: Ah, sorry! I totally have something scheduled next.
Maya: That's right. Then I'll put together what we decided and send it to you later.
Hina: Thanks! Eve-chan, look forward to my prank!
Eve: Good work today! ...Huh?
Aya: She sure just dropped that big declaration and left...
Chisato: Well, Hina-chan's prank is a little worrying, but we've got some ideas down. Let's start tightening things up as a plan.
