event310-01 Opening: New Project Launched!

With a radio event just around the corner, Eve is in top form. Then one day, a new proposal arrives from the agency…

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Radio Booth]

Eve: And now, it’s time for our "Pastel＊Palettes Heart, Soul, and Spirit! Bang!" segment!
Eve: Thank you so much for all your letters, as always! I read every single one carefully!
Eve: Now then, here’s today’s letter! It’s from an All Day＊Bushido pen name, "Kurikinton".
Eve: What a lovely name. I love kurikinton, too! I think it goes perfectly with rich matcha!
Eve: "Eve-san, nice to meet you. I have a close friend who was in the same class as me all three years of middle school. But the other day, we got into an argument."
Eve: "The reason was really minor, but I just couldn’t accept what they were saying, and ever since then, things have been awkward between us."
Eve: "Should I apologize, or should I stick to my opinion? Please give me the courage to decide!"
Eve: I see... Thank you for writing in. It sounds like "Kurikinton" is really struggling right now...
Eve: If things have turned awkward with a close friend you’ve been in the same class with for three years, I think that must be really painful.
Eve: Even for me, as I keep doing activities with Pastel＊Palettes, there are times when my opinions clash with the others'.
Eve: That said, it’s usually more like they’re stopping me when I charge ahead with my feelings... It’s honestly embarrassing.
Eve: Even so, everyone never just shuts me down, and thanks to that, there have been plenty of times I’ve been able to stay true to how I feel.
Eve: And on the other hand, thanks to everyone, I’ve realized when I was wrong just as often... No, maybe even more than that.
Eve: In other words, what matters most is... taking each other seriously, while respecting the other person, don’t you think?
Eve: If you keep bottling up your feelings, you can’t build a true relationship. But at the same time, forcing your feelings onto someone else goes against bushido.
Eve: Facing things head-on takes a lot of courage, but... with the bond you and your friend share, "Kurikinton," I'm sure you'll be fine!
Eve: All right, then! Allow me to inject you with the courage to decide! Prepare yourself!!
(Black cut)
Radio Staff: Eve-san, great work out there!
Eve: Great work!
Radio Staff: Your response to today's letter really hit home. With you being that thoughtful, I'm sure the listener's happy, too.
Eve: Really? If so, that makes me so happy!
Radio Staff: Lately, with Pastel＊Palettes doing so well, we've been getting more and more letters... At this rate, the radio event's bound to be a huge success.
Eve: Thank you! I can really feel everyone's passion, too.
Eve: I'll work hard on the preparations so I can live up to all that enthusiasm!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Talent Agency]

Hina: What were we talking about in today's meeting again?
Maya: I haven't heard the details, but... I think they said there was something they wanted to discuss with all of us.
Aya: Fufu. Lately, whenever we all get together like this, it's usually good news! Maybe it's another new job!
Eve: Yes! I'm sure that's it!
Chisato: You two, it's true that Pastel＊Palettes has been doing well lately, but... this is exactly when we need to stay focused.
Aya & Eve: Okaaay.
Staff: Good morning. Looks like everyone’s here.
All: Good morning!
Staff: Today, we’d like to consult with you all about a new project. First, please take a look at these materials.
Eve: Thank you! This is... the "Member Focus DVD Project"?
Staff: Actually, we’ve received a proposal for Pastel＊Palettes to produce a DVD for each individual member.
Aya: Huh?! Really?!
Staff: Haha, it’s not a prank. The concept is "members bringing out other members’ charm," so we’re planning for your opinions to be reflected quite a lot in the content.
Hina: Ooh, sounds fun! So we can do whatever we want!
Maya: If it’s for each member, that means me too, right...? I’m a little nervous, but I can’t wait to see what I’ll be able to do!
Staff: However, I’m sorry to say this, but at the moment it’s only a tentative plan, and whether we’ll be able to release all of them will depend on the sales of the first one.
Chisato: I see... It’s strict, but it makes sense.
Aya: Yeah, you’re right. But if it’s us, we’ll be fine!
Eve: In that case... who will be first?
Staff: After discussing it on our end, we thought Eve-san would be best to start, since we can make a big announcement at the radio event.
Eve: Huh?! M-me...?!
Hina: I see~. I totally thought it'd be Aya-chan, but... yeah, if you make a big announcement at an event, it's gonna get people hyped up!
Chisato: Yes. Please let us help, too.
Maya: Agreed! I'm sure the fans will be thrilled, and I'm looking forward to helping bring out Eve-san's charm, too.
Aya: fufu. Guess it really was good news, Eve-chan.
Eve: Yes! Now that I've been given such a major role, I'll carry it out with all my heart!
