event42-06 Chapter 5: Himari the Teenage Sorceress

As the reincarnation of a great sorceress, Himari takes part in an unending battle with a demon, but...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Ran: ... Why's everyone looking at me?
Tomoe: Well~, I figured now we'd get to hear your story, Ran.
Ran: I knew it... Sorry, but there's no way that's happening.
Ran: Like I said before, I only ever read manga that other people lend me. I don't know what kind of story would be good.
Tsugumi: Now that I think about it, I've never seen you buy manga before.
Moca: Hmm~, to think we would miss something so obvious.
Tsugumi: Th-then... You can be our judge, Ran-chan! How does that sound?
Tomoe: A judge?
Tsugumi: Yeah! Now that we've heard what kind of story everyone likes, I was thinking I'd like for the five of us to make one together!
Tsugumi: With Ran-chan as the judge, that leaves just the four of us to think something up... Still, I think it'll be fun seeing what we come up with when we work together.
Tsugumi: Once we finish putting something together, you can tell us if you think it's interesting or not! How's that sound?
Ran: Huh? But... I don't know what would make it good or bad.
Moca: So what~? Just tell us if you like it or not. Yes or no. That's all you gotta tell us, Ran~.
Tomoe: Works for me. Sounds fun! I'm in!
Himari: Me too! Our story will be so moving, your heart will squeal like a schoolgirl~!
Ran: I mean, if I'm just listening to your story, it's fine by me...
Tsugumi: Yeah! We'll do everything we can to make it entertaining!
Moca: Fufufu~. And I'll prepare some shocking twists and turns that will leave you speechless, Ran~.
Ran: ... Don't make my job harder than it needs to be.
Tomoe: We make no promises.
Himari: Ahaha~...
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Tsugumi: Finished!
Moca: Fufufu~. A masterpiece if I do say so myself~.
Tomoe: For sure! I put everything I've got into this story.
Himari: Same here! Everyone did the best they possibly could!
Tsugumi: Yeah! Alright, Ran-chan, will you give it a listen...?
Ran: I did promise.
Tsugumi: Thank you! Alright, then here we go...
Ran: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: "One afternoon, Himari, the reincarnation of the great sorceress Ran Mitake, was out battling the usual demons with her magical powers..."
Himari: Hmph! Leave it to demons to be so darn annoying! And to make matters worse, one of them had to go and curse me, so now my body is going to disappear in one year's time...
Himari: And I've got a match coming up next week for Rhythm Game Club! Our first appearance at nationals depends on it! Which one of you baddies is gonna take responsibility for ruining my youth?!
Tomoe: Sorceress Himari, wait!
Himari: ...! You're... (Ba-bump)
Himari: (Stop that. Don't fall for people so easily! Still, this person is breathtaking... Just who are they...?)
Tomoe: Behold, Tomoe! A former hero from another world, reborn here! In order for me to return home, I must... defeat you!
Himari: Huh?! We're enemies already?! Aww~...  After we finally met, too?!
Himari: ... No. I can't give up that easily. If I lose here, I'll miss my match next week. I have to win this.
Himari: I accept your challenge, Great Former Hero! Just like you want to return home, I have my own dreams I, too, must fulfill!
Moca: "The former hero Tomoe attacks. How will this chance meeting change the fate of Himari, reincarnation of the great sorceress Ran Mitake?! Tune in next time to find out!"
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: ... Yeah, I'm confused, sorry.
Himari: Th-that... makes sense.
Tomoe: If we're being honest, we got partway through it, and I didn't know what was supposed to be interesting anymore.
Tsugumi: Yeah... Same here...
Moca: Ditto~.
Tsugumi: Sorry, Ran-chan. We did our best... Looks like it was harder than we thought.
Ran: No big deal. I kinda figured it would turn out like this.
Tomoe: You too, huh? Oh man, I still can't believe Himari inherited mysterious tennis powers though~.
Himari: I have not! And you're one to talk, Tomoe. For someone who said they were gonna get stronger, how could you let yourself get hurt so easily protecting me~?
Tsugumi: Huh? Himari-chan, weren't you crying when we heard that story...?
Himari: Don't say that~! Anyway, this is all Moca's fault in the first place!
Moca: ... "Tomoe, no~! Don't leave me~!!"
Himari: I never said that~!
Ran: ... Fufu.
Moca: Oho, looks like Ran's in a good mood~. Does that mean... we pulled it off?
Ran: Yeah, yeah, sure. You were amazing.
Moca: Ran~, don't brush it off like that. Work with me here~.
