event42-01 Opening: Ex-thusiasm Deficiency!

Moca's feeling down about one of her favorite manga coming to an end. Tsugumi tries to cheer her up and says...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Moca: Sigh~...
Moca: ... Sigh~...
Tsugumi: Looks like Ran-chan's still in homeroom. Why don't we wait here for a little while? ... Uhm, Moca-chan? What's wrong? I heard you sighing.
Moca: Tsugu~. It's over for me. I've lost my reason for living~. I can't go on~. Boo-hoo-hoo...
Tsugumi: Huh?! Wh-what do you mean?
Moca: Sob... Here~, see for yourself~.
Tsugumi: Isn't this the manga magazine you buy every week? If I remember correctly, this morning you were saying, "It's that time of the week again~!"
Moca: Yeah, this is it alright~. Take a look here though. Right under this panel~.
Tsugumi: Uhm... "Thank you for all your support. We hope you will look forward to our next series." ... W-wait, that means...
Moca: Yup. The unthinkable... That's a wrap. It's over. Finito~.
Moca: And I was always filled with excitement and enthusiasm reading their stuff week after week too~. At this rate, I'm going to shrivel up and die of an ex-thusiasm deficiency~.
Tsugumi: I totally understand. It's really sad when your favorite manga ends...
Tsugumi: But you can't let it keep you down forever. You have to pick yourself up and move on! This is the perfect opportunity to find a new manga to enjoy!
Moca: Well, yeah, but... How? How am I supposed to find something when I don't even know where to start~?
Tsugumi: Th-then... What if I give you some recommendations?
Tsugumi: Actually, there's this manga I've been wanting to tell you guys about anyway!
Tsugumi: It's about this girl trying to steal the heart of her beloved prince... Ah! And there's this other one I like that's about a girl trying to start a girls' soccer club at her school!
Tsugumi: Both of the main characters are really upbeat, so you can't help but be happy yourself. They're perfect for when you're sad, like right now...
Moca: Hm~, those do sound pretty Tsugurific and deep, but... do they have any battle scenes~?
Tsugumi: Huh?! I-I don't think so...
Moca: Too bad~... Right now I want something with lots of battles. Something fiery that'll make this manga ending a distant memory~.
Moca: Sorry, Tsugu~.
Tsugumi: Don't be! Still, a manga that's 'fiery', huh...? Uhm~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, what exactly do you mean by that? I think I have an idea, but... nothing's really coming to mind.
Moca: Hm~. Like the kind of stuff I usually read, I guess~... Ah, right... Now that I think about it, we haven't ever really talked about manga before, have we?
Moca: You usually read shojo manga, don't you, Tsugu~?
Tsugumi: That's not the only thing. I just like manga with cheerful main characters, so I just happen to read a lot of shojo manga.
Moca: I see, I see. So the thing you like is within the shojo manga genre... like teen dramas or something~?
Tsugumi: Teen dramas, huh...? I suppose so. I like it when I want to cheer on the main character. How about you, Moca-chan?
Moca: I like manga with really solid stories. If there are fight scenes, even better~.
Moca: That's probably why I end up reading mostly shonen and seinen manga~. Watching the main character go up against a super strong enemy gets me fired up~!
Tsugumi: So the ones that make you wonder, "What'll happen next?" or something that keeps you wanting more?
Moca: That's my Tsugu~. Bull's eye~. I want something that keeps me on the edge of my seat~.
Tsugumi: E-ehehe... Something tells me I finally understand what kind of manga you like.
Moca: Same here~. I always thought you only liked shojo manga, or series that were made into movies~.
Tsugumi: Not at all! Although, I do end up reading those a lot because I don't buy any of those magazines. And if it's being made into a movie, they usually play a lot of commercials on TV.
Moca: Oh yeah~. Without those commercials, you wouldn't know about them at all. That's another reason why finding a new manga is so hard~.
Moca: I haven't come across anything lately that screams "Read me!"
Moca: ... Now I'm doubly sad I've lost the only manga that made me feel that way... Boo-hoo-hoo~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan...
Tsugumi: (I really want to cheer her up... But how...?)
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, uhm... I...
Tsugumi: ...!
Moca: ...? Tsugu? What's up~?
Tsugumi: Moca-chan... This is it!
Moca: What's it...? "Now accepting applications for our New Artist Awards"...?
Tsugumi: Exactly!
Tsugumi: Uhm, if you can't find an interesting manga, then we should make our own!
Tsugumi: So what do you say, Moca-chan? Let's make our own manga!
Moca: Hoho~... I see what you're getting at. Now this is an unexpected development~.
Moca: And an interesting one to boot. "How will Moca-chan and Tsugu's fates be changed by this new challenge~? Tune in to find out~!"
