event42-02 Chapter 1: Feeling Mocatastic?

Moca and Tsugumi are deep in thought about writing their manga when Tomoe, Ran and Himari show up...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Moca & Tsugumi: ... Sigh~...
Tsugumi: Making manga sure is hard...
Moca: Urgh~... Good stories are coming to mind, but they're all over the place, not cohesive at all~.
Tsugumi: And the only scenes we've come up with are the exciting parts... We don't have anything that leads up to them. Who knew writing a story would be so hard?
Moca & Tsugumi: Hmm~...
Himari: Ugh~, I told you we'd be late~. You're way too quick to say yes to everything, Tomoe!
Tomoe: I said I was sorry, didn't I? I figured since we were already waiting for Ran, we'd have time to help out. I didn't know they'd ask us to help clean the entire reference room.
Ran: I just finished up myself, so it worked out fine, didn't it? Thanks for waiting, Moca, Tsugumi... Uhh, why are you making those faces?
Moca: Ah, Ran~. How's it going~?
Tsugumi: How was class, Ran-chan? How about you guys, Tomoe-chan? Himari-chan?
Himari: Tsugu~! Listen to this! Tomoe-
Ran: Yeah, yeah. You can tell them about it later... What are you two up to? You look pretty stumped.
Tsugumi: A-ahaha... You see...
(Black cut)
Ran & Himari: Manga...?!
Tomoe: You two are writing manga?!
Tsugumi: I guess it is a little shocking, huh...?
Himari: Of course it is! Why? What on earth gave you that kind of an idea?!
Ran: Oh, come on. It's obviously Moca's fault.
Moca: Hey~, that's so mean, Ran~. It just happens to be my fault this time~.
Tsugumi: Uhm, Moca-chan's favorite manga ended, and she hasn't been able to find a new one to read...
Tsugumi: So we were trying to think of what to do about it... Then I saw this in Moca-chan's magazine! Look! "New Artist Awards Applications Now Open!"
Tsugumi: And that's when it hit me! If we can't find a good manga, we just have to make our own!
Tomoe: Oh~, gotcha. Sounds like something you'd come up with, Tsugu.
Himari: You sure you're not just after the prize money~? Those kinds of contests usually give out a lot of cash.
Tomoe: Hahaha. And if you win, you'll both be manga artists, huh~? Should I get your autographs while I have the chance?
Moca: You guys think this is some kind of game to us~?
Himari: N-no, that's not what we're saying at all! So? What kind of manga are you gonna make?
Moca: We told you~. That's what we're trying to figure out~.
Ran: You'd think you'd be able to come up with a ton of stories since you're always reading that stuff.
Tsugumi: We've come up with the climax and more exciting parts. It's the beginning we're having trouble with. We're totally stuck.
Moca: Yeah, what she said~. By the way~, what kind of manga do you guys think we should do~?
Tomoe: Obviously you have to do something intense! Where friendships and alliances are formed not with words, but with fists! That stuff's the best~!
Himari: I think you should do a love story~! Something that makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside, then leaves you crying at the end!
Ran: Uhm... I only read manga when I borrow it from Moca... I honestly have no idea what would be good.
Tomoe: I feel like you'll read anything, Ran. I just lent you a book myself.
Ran: I wouldn't say 'anything'... It's just that I don't choose what to read on my own, so that's what it looks like. They're all interesting, but I can't say I know which ones are especially good.
Ran: But now all we've done is tell you what kind of manga we like.
Tsugumi: True... But if you like something that much, you'd probably be pretty good at writing your own, right?
Moca: I see, I see. Everything's becoming clear~. After hearing from all of you, I think I've come up with something really Mocatastic~.
Himari: Hmph! You're just speaking nonsense again~.
Tomoe: So what kind of manga do you two like? Something tells me I already know though.
Tsugumi: Yeah, we're doing a-
Moca: Tsugu~. Stop.
Tsugumi: ...?! M-Moca-chan?
Moca: I said I thought of something Mocatastic, didn't I~? I think I've found a way to bring our story together~.
Tsugumi: R-really?!
Moca: Really. However, I've only got the beginning down. Think you can help me finish it off~?
Tsugumi: Of course!
Tomoe: Oh~, now we're talking!
Himari: This is going to be a combination of genres you and Tsugu like, right? Hmm~... Yeah, I can't even imagine.
Ran: Moca, are you... okay?
Moca: Fufufu~. Leave it to yours truly~.
Moca: Now then, story time~. Everyone gather round~.
