event42-04 Chapter 3: The Shady Transfer Student

Himari, the transfer student, is worried about being unable to make friends. That's when another transfer student, shrouded in mystery, appears...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Ran: Himari, calm down. Moca's always saying weird stuff. Nothing new there.
Himari: Still~!
Tomoe: Hmm~, so what kind of story would you have done, Himari?
Himari: Well... If it was me...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Himari: ... It's been a whole week since I transferred, but I still haven't made a single friend. Sigh... I'm so bad at talking to new people.
Himari: It'd be nice to at least have someone else to eat lunch with... I'm so lonely...
Marina: Alright, everyone, please take a seat~. We have a new transfer student today. Seta-san, please introduce yourself.
Kaoru: I am Kaoru Seta.
Marina: Uhm... Is that it, Seta-san?
Kaoru: Yes. There's nothing else worth saying.
Marina: O-oh? Uhh~... W-well, everyone be nice to our new student! Alright, Seta-san, please take a seat in the back of the classroom, right next to the window.
Kaoru: Understood.
Himari: (U-urgh... She seems a little weird. Still, we're both transfer students... Maybe this is my chance to make a friend?)
Himari: U-uhm, hi, Seta-san! I'm Himari Uehara. I just transferred here too...
Himari: I-I'm sure it'll be tough getting used to everything around here so... Let's be friends, and we can do it together!
Kaoru: Why?
Himari: Huh?
Kaoru: What purpose does being your friend serve? Sorry, but I want to avoid expending unnecessary energy.
Tsugumi: H-hey, wait. That was a bit rude, don't you think?
Tomoe: Yeah. There's got to be a better way to say that...
Himari: Uhm... S-so, are you saying... You don't want to be my friend...?
Kaoru: ... If that's how you choose to take it, that's fine by me.
Himari: ...?!
Tsugumi: Uehara-san, would you like to come hang out with us? I'm not sure Seta-san likes you very much.
Tomoe: Yeah, come on! Sit with us!
Himari: Huh? Ah, th-thank you...
Himari: (Why would Seta-san say such mean things? And here I was thinking we'd be able to get along...)
Himari: (... Huh? Why am I feeling so heartbroken? She was so cold toward me, and yet... I still feel drawn to her...?)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: ... That's just a sickly-sweet shojo manga.
Himari: Yeah, that's the best part~!
Ran: Also, your version of yourself is a completely different person. She's way more withdrawn than you.
Tsugumi: That's because this is a manga story we're talking about. Seeing a different side of Himari-chan is kind of refreshing.
Moca: So a lovey-dovey school drama, huh~? Okay, then what about this...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: It would appear I have failed at human interactions yet again. "Be kind to humans." This mission is turning out to be far more difficult than I anticipated.
Kaoru: (To think someone would try to get close to me so quickly. Has my secret been revealed? Does she know that I'm not a human, but... an android?)
Kaoru: (I've been sent here by the same giant corporation that created me to learn more about human emotions... There shouldn't be anyone else who knows that. And yet... Uehara-san...)
Kaoru: Is she suspicious of me? Or does she truly wish to be my friend...? I'll have to keep an eye on her and figure this out.
Himari: (Why am I... so interested in Seta-san...?)
Himari: This feeling, could it be...?
Himari: (Is Seta-san... the rumored android developed in secret by the mysterious corporation?)
Himari: (This pounding in my chest... Is it my intuition as a spy working for the organization that opposes that ominous corporation? Is that what tells me that this girl... is suspicious?)
Himari: This calls for further investigation. If she really is what I think she is... This could be trouble.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Himari: Stop, stop! Stop~!!
Moca: What~? We were just getting to the good part~.
Tomoe: Th-the good part...? Seemed like a totally different story to me.
Tsugumi: Yeah... Me too...
Tsugumi: I-I mean, the setting changed a lot from the beginning but... Doesn't a story about an android and a spy from rival organizations sound pretty romantic?
Tsugumi: As Seta-senpai comes to understand humans, she becomes nicer to Himari-chan. And even knowing they're enemies, Himari-chan falls in love... Yeah! What a great idea!
Himari: Wh-when you put it like that... it does kinda make your heart flutter, doesn't it...?
Tomoe: ... Himari's so open-minded.
Ran: Is that what you call it...?
