event222-03 Chapter 2: Distant Hearts

LOCK performs with Mirror Dreams a few times but feels that something is off...

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[A Few Days Later]

[Studio]

LOCK (Rokka): ...!
LOCK (Rokka): Um, how did I play just now? I tried to make some changes to match how you play better than I did last time...!
Maki: It was good. You're hitting the notes perfectly. I think we can wrap up today's practice early.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, okay... Thank you.
LOCK (Rokka): (When we first played together, I thought things would improve the more we practiced, but my sound still feels out of place...)
LOCK (Rokka): (It's as if I'm playing by myself... but every time I ask them how I'm doing, they say I'm playing fine. Maybe I'm worrying over nothing.)
LOCK (Rokka): (What should I do...? This is different than practicing with RAS. No matter how much I play, I don't feel any closer to finding the right sound.)
Yuka: By the way, Maki, did you watch that movie we talked about the other day?
Maki: Ah, not yet. What was the name of it again?
LOCK (Rokka): Um, I'm sorry to interrupt! Is there anything about my playing you'd like me to change? It doesn't matter how small of a change it might be. I'd love to get your input.
Yuka: You don't need to change a thing~. Everything's fine!
LOCK (Rokka): B-but...
Maki: You're probably nervous because you're new to this kind of work, but you're doing great. Believe in yourself and keep playing like you have been.
LOCK (Rokka): ... Thank you...
LOCK (Rokka): (Are things really okay...? If I keep playing without finding the right sound, will I be able to give a performance that moves the audience and makes me proud...?)
Maki: Yuka, let me borrow the DVD of that movie we were talk- Wait, scratch that. My DVD player broke recently.
Mirror Dreams: Ahahaha...
LOCK (Rokka): (It kind of feels... like their hearts aren't really in this...)
LOCK (Rokka): ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

LOCK (Rokka): Sigh~...
PAREO (Reona): LOCK-san, what's wrong? That was an awfully big sigh.
PAREO (Reona): I thought our practice today went very well...
LOCK (Rokka): I-I'm sorry. It's not RAS's practice that's bothering me...!
LAYER (Rei): Is it about your session musician job?
MASKING (Masuki): Is that band givin' you crap?
PAREO (Reona): Th-they are not saying mean things to you, are they?!
LOCK (Rokka): No, they never yell or anything like that...! The fact that they don't say anything makes it feel... like we're not even practicing...
LOCK (Rokka): I've been trying different ways to play in every practice, but they always say I'm doing perfect.
PAREO (Reona): How strange... Could it be that maybe they have not decided which of your styles works best yet?
LOCK (Rokka): It would be nice if that were true, but...
LAYER (Rei): ...
PAREO (Reona): Hmm~... It couldn't be that you have grown used to CHU²-sama's style of instruction, and now you feel as if something is lacking when you're elsewhere, could it...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Why does that feel like an insult, PAREO?
PAREO (Reona): I did not mean any ill will. I am always very happy to receive your tough love♪
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, me too.
LOCK (Rokka): ... Okay. I feel a little better after talking with you all. Thanks for listening.
LOCK (Rokka): There are still many things I can try, so I'm not ready to give up just yet!
LOCK (Rokka): If I get hung up on something like this, I won't be fit to be RAS's guitarist.
LAYER (Rei): Don't push yourself too hard, okay? We're always here when you need to talk.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you! I need to get home and practice the songs I'll be helping with, so I'll be leaving for today!
PAREO (Reona): Goodbye! Do not forget to drink water regularly and take breaks~!
PAREO (Reona): ... What on earth could be going on? She is perfect no matter how she plays...? Why would Mirror Dreams say something like that...?
MASKING (Masuki): Well, some bands are just like that.
PAREO (Reona): Huh?
LAYER (Rei): Hmm~... LOCK might've ended up with the worst kind of band for her.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
LAYER (Rei): Ah, shoot. I've got to be somewhere soon. I better leave now too.
MASKING (Masuki): Guess I'll split with ya. You've got your session musician practice, right? Wanna lift to the station?
LAYER (Rei): Thanks, that'd be great. PAREO, CHU²', see you at the next practice.
PAREO (Reona): O-okay. See you.
(Black cut)
PAREO (Reona): And now I'm finished tidying up. I wonder if LOCK-san is going to be okay...
PAREO (Reona): There are still many things about working with professional musicians that I do not understand...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I have given you my answer over and over again!
PAREO (Reona): ...?!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Well, I am busy right now too. I will contact you again on a later day, so if you would excuse me!
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh~... Just what is with that woman...?!
PAREO (Reona): Were you just on the phone with the president of that one music agency...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Yeah. Seems like they still haven't given up on trying to get RAS to join them. I think I'm going to have to go there and put an end to this in person.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²'-sama, please do not do anything dangerous...!
CHU² (Chiyu): We're just going to talk, so there's nothing to worry about. Anyway, I'm more worried about LOCK right now.
PAREO (Reona): She seemed down... I wish there was something we could do to help.
CHU² (Chiyu): It would be easy to look for a replacement session musician, but the way LOCK is now, she probably wouldn't go for that.
CHU² (Chiyu): She's so determined to make it work...
