event222-01 Opening: Unexpected Proposition

A Galaxy regular approaches LOCK with an unexpected proposition...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

LOCK (Rokka): Um, the meeting documents should go~...
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, meeting documents go on this shelf. There's a blue file on the second shelf from the top, isn't there?
LOCK (Rokka): I see it! I should put these at the very back of the file, right?
Tsugumi: Yes, please.
LOCK (Rokka): In you go...
LOCK (Rokka): Is there anything else I can work on? I just finished the last thing I had to do today, so please let me know if there's more I can help with!
Tsugumi: I'm almost done too, so don't worry about me. Besides, you've already taken care of what I needed help with.
Tsugumi: Thanks for always giving me a hand. I can get through the work quickly because you help with so many things.
LOCK (Rokka): Well, I just try to help out where I can.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm going to do my best to learn how to do everything as soon as possible so you can rely on me for anything!
Tsugumi: Y-you're being Tsugurific...!
LOCK (Rokka): Tsugu... rific...?
Tsugumi: Ah, I'm sorry.
Tsugumi: Remember when Moca-chan came here the other day? I was just thinking about what she said again, "Two people being Tsugurific is doubly Tsugurific~."
LOCK (Rokka): I don't really get it. Was that like a compliment...?
Tsugumi: Hmm~, probably...
Tsugumi: B-by the way, you said you have plans after this. Are you going to band practice today?
LOCK (Rokka): No, today I'm working at Galaxy! After that, I'm helping out a bit at Asahi Bathhouse.
Tsugumi: I see. You're helping at the bathhouse too...! I'm sure RAS's practices are pretty serious, so please don't push yourself too hard, okay?
LOCK (Rokka): Thanks, I'll be careful. Well, I'll take off now, then. Bye!
Tsugumi: Bye. See you tomorrow!
Tsugumi: I'm going to work just as hard... Alright~, time to roll up my sleeves and chip away at some of tomorrow's paperwork today too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Galaxy]

LOCK (Rokka): Okay then, I'll work the lighting for your next show just the way we talked about today!
Regular Customer: Thanks... Ah, one more thing. Would you mind if I asked you something not about the show?
LOCK (Rokka): ...? What is it?
Regular Customer: Are you interested in working as a session musician? My friend is in a professional band, and she's looking for a guitarist.
LOCK (Rokka): W-work with a professional band?! You're asking me?!
Regular Customer: Yeah. What do you think?
LOCK (Rokka): But I've never been a session guitarist for another band before...
Regular Customer: Huh? Really? But don't the other members of RAS do jobs like that all the time...?
LOCK (Rokka): That's only Masuki-san and LAYER-san~!
Regular Customer: Oh~, okay. That's too bad. All of the members of your band are really good.
Regular Customer: You're like a pro-level guitarist. I think you could hold your own in a professional band without breaking a sweat.
LOCK (Rokka): I-I don't know about that...
Regular Customer: Well, just think about it. If you change your mind, I'll introduce you to my friend right away.
Regular Customer: See you. I look forward to working with you on our show~.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, me too! Thank you for coming by!
LOCK (Rokka): (Me, help other bands...? Like Masuki-san and LAYER-san do...?)
LOCK (Rokka): (Am I really good enough to do that right now? I never imagined in my wildest dreams that I could play with professional artists as a session musician.)
LOCK (Rokka): (But...)
LOCK (Rokka): ... I've decided!
