event222-02 Chapter 1: To Become Better

LOCK has agreed to be a session musician for Mirror Dreams and wants to do well.

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): Okay, stop! We'll end today's practice here. Each of you focus on practicing the parts I just told you about.
All: Alright. Okay! Got it!
MASKING (Masuki): Man~, I'm worn out to the bone. Look at us, we're all sweatin'.
LAYER (Rei): No kidding. Maybe it's because it's warmed up pretty quickly recently. Can I change before I leave?
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course. But, before you do... LOCK has something to share with us today.
PAREO (Reona): You do?
MASKING (Masuki): What's goin' on?
LOCK (Rokka): Well... I'm actually going to be working as a session musician with a professional band in an upcoming music festival called the "Blooming Flower Jam."
PAREO (Reona): A session musician with a professional band?! LOCK-san, that's wonderful~!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, it's not like I was chosen by someone in the band. A customer at Galaxy put me in touch with them...!
MASKING (Masuki): That's usually how you get those kinds of gigs. The first time I did one was because my old man got me in with a band.
LAYER (Rei): People have noticed how good you are.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you.
LAYER (Rei): But you seem busy since you moved up a grade. Are you going to be okay?
LOCK (Rokka): I wasn't sure what to do, but I want to gain a lot of experience playing with other bands like you and Masuki-san have...
LOCK (Rokka): And the GBT and Japan Rock Fes are coming up too, so I want to get even better at guitar!
LAYER (Rei): I see... Then, do your best, LOCK.
LOCK (Rokka): I will!
MASKING (Masuki): By the way, Rei, you're gonna be in the Flower Jam too, right?
LAYER (Rei): Yeah, but just as a session musician. LOCK, what's the name of the band you'll be working for?
LOCK (Rokka): It's a girl band called "Mirror Dreams." I heard they've been playing together since they were students...
LOCK (Rokka): And I was told the band still loves to perform the songs they wrote before their major debut!
PAREO (Reona): I see, I see. It sounds like its members must be very close. How wonderful.
MASKING (Masuki): Mirror Dreams...
LAYER (Rei): Mirror Dreams is a four-piece band. They're really good at playing upbeat teen music.
LAYER (Rei): But I heard their guitarist dropped out recently...
MASKING (Masuki): The guitarist bailed? Huh~...
PAREO (Reona): So, when will you be joining the band to practice?
LOCK (Rokka): This weekend! I received recordings of the songs they're going to perform, so I've already started practicing on my own at home.
LOCK (Rokka): I have to be able to play Mirror Dreams's songs perfectly before I practice with them so I don't cause any trouble!
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, your eyes are twinkling with excitement♪
CHU² (Chiyu): LOCK, if you're going to do this, then you go show them just how talented RAS's guitarist is!
LOCK (Rokka): I will! Thank you so much for adjusting RAS's practice schedule for me.
LOCK (Rokka): I don't know how well my guitar skills will be able to contribute to the band, but I plan on giving it my all.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

LOCK (Rokka): Inhale... Exhale~...!
LOCK (Rokka): Good morning! I'm your temporary guitarist, Rokka Asahi! Starting today, I will work as hard as I can to help you prepare for the Flower Jam! It's nice to meet you!
???: Huh~...?
LOCK (Rokka): U-um, you are Mirror Dreams, aren't you? I'm the guitar session musician you were told about...!
???: Right~, sorry about that. We know who you are. You just surprised us with all that energy you've got.
LOCK (Rokka): I-I'm sorry! I'll enter more quietly next time...!
???: Ahaha, you're fine the way you were. I'm Maki, the singer and leader of the band. Over here on drums is Aoi, and on bass is Yuka.
LOCK (Rokka): It's nice to meet you.
Maki: You're pretty young. How old are you?
LOCK (Rokka): I'm in my second year of high school.
Aoi: Second year of high school?! Wait, so that makes you how much younger than us? Five... six years younger?
Yuka: You're still just a kid~!
LOCK (Rokka): I-I guess I am...
Maki: Guys, guys, you're making the girl uncomfortable. Let's wrap up the introductions and get to business. Asahi-san, did you want to say anything else?
LOCK (Rokka): No! I'm ready to start practicing!
(Black cut)
LOCK (Rokka): (Thank goodness. I was able to play just like in the recordings without making a mistake...!)
LOCK (Rokka): Um, how did I sound?! I only played like in the recordings of your songs, so there are probably many things I should tweak...
Maki: You were perfect! That was fantastic, Asahi-san.
LOCK (Rokka): ...! Thank you!
Aoi: I heard you were good, but I didn't think you'd be this good. You practiced a lot, didn't you?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, I worked really hard.
Yuka: Dang~, you must be feeling pretty proud of yourself to say that.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that...!
Maki: No, I can tell by listening to you play that you've practiced as hard as you said you have.
Maki: I was worried when I heard this would be your first session musician gig, but not anymore. I'm glad we've got you with us for the show, Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you! I'm glad to be with you too!
