event88-02 Chapter 1: Getting Together in Yukata!

The members met dressed in yukatas as planned. The first order of business is to enjoy the street stalls...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Fireworks Festival - Event Location]

Misaki: There she is. Hey, Kanon-san~!
Kaoru: Oh. Hagumi is accompanying her.
Hagumi: I didn't want Kano-chan-senpai to get lost, so we met up at her house.
Kanon: Sorry about that, Hagumi-chan. But thanks to you, I actually made it here.
Kokoro: The whole group is here at last! Now, let's go see some fireworks!
Misaki: It's not even close to time for that yet. Kokoro, did you forget why we decided to gather so early?
Kokoro: ...? Because we simply can't wait for the fireworks to start, right?
Misaki: No, it was so we could check out the stands.
Kanon: Fireworks are a good reference, of course, but a festival could also work as inspiration for writing a haiku.
Kanon: So I thought that having a look at the various stands could give us a proper feel for the atmosphere.
Hagumi: I want a candy apple!
Kaoru: Fufu. Perhaps I shall partake in the okonomiyaki.
Misaki: And we're already off the rails.
Kanon: I hope we'll have time to see them all.
Kokoro: I have a wonderful idea! We can first split into two groups and finish our shopping that way! From there, we can take our time and enjoy the show!
Kanon: Sure, I think that works!
Kokoro: Great! Alright, everyone! Head out!
Kaoru, Hagumi, Kanon & Misaki: Yeah~!
(Black cut)

[Thirty Minutes Later]

Hagumi: Mii-kun, Kokoron! Over here~!
Misaki: I was starting to worry about how crowded it is getting, but things are pretty quiet over here.
Kokoro: Very much so! The perfect place for a rest.
Misaki: For sure... Hm? Hey, where is Kaoru-san?
Kanon: She went to go buy some drinks. I'm guessing that she's stuck in a long line.
Hagumi: We told her that we'd be here, so I say we wait a little while longer!
Hagumi: Hey, Kokoron. I noticed it before, but is that bag what I think it is...?
Kokoro: Yes! Cotton candy, of course! And the bag itself is adorable, don't you think?
Kanon: That character on the bag is probably the store's mascot.
Hagumi: Ah, you're probably right! So awesome!
Hagumi: I actually got some super cool stuff of my own. Check it out~!
Misaki: A bird brooch... Not bad at all.
Kanon: It not only matches your yukata, but would also go great with the bag you're always carrying!
Hagumi: I know, right~?! Hehehe. It was love at first sight!
Kaoru: Oho? I've stumbled upon an exuberant scene.
Kokoro: Kaoru! Took you long enough!
Kaoru: Forgive my tardiness. In return for my faux pas... Here.
Misaki: Is this... ramune? That's enough for several people...
Kaoru: In spite of the setting sun, the summer's heat still lingers. I assumed your throats would likely be parched.
Kanon: Wow... thank you, Kaoru-san!
Kanon: Hey, that reminds me. Did you guys know? "Ramune" is used as seasonal vocabulary.
Kokoro: Really? That works very well for us!
Kanon: Some others are "yukata" and "festival"... A few surprising ones that also see use are "sunglasses" or "summer school".
Hagumi: Whoa, really?! So modern stuff like "sunglasses" is fine, then!
Hagumi: How about this one?! "Kokoron's cute clothes... That sweet summer yukata... Looks so good on her!" Could that be a haiku?
Kanon: Uh-huh! You might want to go with something a little, uhm... different for our homework...
Misaki: Hahaha. I don't think our teacher will accept anything too simple.
Kokoro: Really? In that case... "Hagumi as well... So very adorable... In her yukata!" How was that?
Kaoru: Fufu, impressive. "The two maidens share... Praise for summer apparel... Fleetingness abound..." Ah, how fleeting...!
Misaki: No, those are too simple... That, and they're all just about yukata being cute.
Kokoro: Yes, because the yukata are so very cute. Yours looks lovely as well, Misaki.
Misaki: Hello, is anyone home~? I think you're missing my point here...
Kanon: Hahaha... Ha...
