event88-04 Chapter 3: Time for Haiku Composition

After receiving Kanon's advice, it's time to make an effort on composing haiku.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Pleasure Boat]

Kanon: We finally got them to settle down...
Misaki: Jeez... Hagumi, Kokoro. Why exactly do you think we came here, anyway?
Kokoro: Why? Well...
Hagumi: What was it again?
Misaki: Oh, for Pete's sake. Come on, you two. Try to remember.
Hagumi: Uhm, uhhh... Ah, that's right! Haiku!
Kokoro: Ah...! That's right! That was the reason! I had completely forgotten!
Misaki: Bingo~.
Kanon: Hahaha...
Kokoro: Now that we remember our goal, let's start writing some haiku!
Hagumi: Yeah! Um, going off of what we've learned so far~...
Kokoro & Hagumi: Hmmm.
Hagumi: Huh? This feels more difficult than before.
Kokoro: Yeah. I can't find the right words.
Misaki: Me neither... Kanon-san, any pointers you'd be willing to share?
Kanon: Pointers... Uhm... Why not try looking at some scenery and sharing your opinions on it?
Kaoru: So we should expand upon our thoughts regarding our surroundings to draw forth haiku-appropriate language, eh?
Kokoro: That's a great idea! Okay, let's give it a try right now. Hagumi, the breeze is so lovely today!
Hagumi: It is! And the river is so sparkly and pretty. I sure do like boats!
Hagumi: The big ship you invited us on that one time was fun too!
Kokoro: It was a lot of fun for me, as well! I wonder if the Hello, Happy Phantom Thief will stop by our little pleasure boat.
Misaki: I don't really see that happening~.
Kaoru: Fufu. I imagine she will appear when you least expect it.
Kaoru: Moving onto more important matters... Now, everyone. Look slightly to the right of that large building.
Kanon: Uhmmm... Ah! Wait, is that CiRCLE?
Hagumi: Whoa, for real?!
Kokoro: Amazing! Well spotted, Kaoru!
Misaki: Ahhh, CiRCLE... Seeing such a familiar sight from so far away feels strange, doesn't it?
Kaoru: Ah, yes. The slightest shift in distance or perspective brings a fresh outlook to even the most accustomed of sights.
Kaoru: It is on this day that I have come to this newfound realization. Ahhh... How fleeting...!
Kanon: Fufu, I have to agree.
Kanon: "Through sultry summer... On gentle breeze was it heard... The voice of a friend..." Something along those lines might work.
Hagumi: Whoa~! Kano-chan-senpai, that was so cool!
Kokoro: Hagumi, we should focus on making our own lovely haiku!
Hagumi: Okay!
Misaki: Alright, I'll do my best too.
Kanon: Good luck, you guys! If you need anything, don't be afraid to ask.
Misaki: Thank you very much. You've already been very helpful.
Misaki: You not only taught us the basics of haiku but also some techniques. I don't think we could do this without all that.
Misaki: Do you write haiku outside of your clubs too...?
Kanon: I wouldn't go that far... Ah, but I have read some books on the topic.
Kanon: It may not seem like it, but tea ceremonies and haiku are pretty similar in some ways.
Misaki: They both have the spirit of Japan about them, don't they?
Kanon: Fufu. Yeah, that is true.
Kanon: I think both tea ceremonies and haiku place importance on stuff like the current mood and atmosphere.
Misaki: Ah, I see what you mean. They're both good at drawing attention to how we look at the seasons.
Misaki: Don't tea ceremonies change their decorations and whatnot depending on the season?
Kanon: Yeah. Flowers and hanging scrolls are obvious changes, but the tools that are used get swapped out with the seasons as well.
Kanon: It's not just about how the tea tastes but also the location's atmosphere and perception of time... All of it is catered to the guest's enjoyment. Everything is linked to hospitality.
Kanon: It was actually Eve-chan who convinced me to pick up writing haiku. "Tea and haiku, they are of one spirit!" Fufu.
Misaki: Hahaha, I can already see her gushing about it to you.
Misaki: Her explanation does make sense to me, though. Haiku do seem like they would go very well with tea ceremonies.
Kanon: I knew you'd understand! Thank you, Misaki-chan. I'll tell Eve-chan what you said when I see her.
Misaki: Hey, no need to do all that! It's kind of embarrassing.
Kanon: Fufu. No need to be so bashful about it.
Hagumi: I did it~!
Kokoro: So did I, Hagumi! Has everyone finished now?
Misaki: Whoops, my bad. I got carried away talking, and... H-hold on a second!
Misaki: Kanon-san, we had better get to work writing our own.
Kanon: Yeah. I hope we can write something worthwhile.
Misaki: So do I. Let's just try our best.
