event88-05 Chapter 4: Finished Writing the Haiku?

The five recite their haiku in front of each other. However, Kokoro finds something lacking...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Pleasure Boat]

Kokoro: Okay, is everyone ready? I will go first!
Kokoro: "Fluffy and puffy... Floating cotton candy clouds... Up in summer skies..."
Kokoro: I saw some clouds that looked exactly like the cotton candy we ate earlier! They looked so good that I could almost taste them!
Hagumi: Kokoron did keep saying how yummy her cotton candy was!
Kaoru: Indeed. A majestic haiku that perfectly encapsulates your message.
Hagumi: Totally! Alright, me next!
Hagumi: Ahem... "Dining on the sea... Main dish for a pleasure boat... Croquettes piping hot...!" Well?! Did I do good?!
Kanon: I'd say so. It was very pretty and also very Hagumi-chan.
Misaki: And slipping in that croquette promotion so easily actually makes me think you have some latent talent.
Hagumi: Seriously?! Yay~!
Kokoro: I now have a sudden craving for croquettes. We should buy some on the way home!
Kokoro: Okay, up next is Kanon.
Kanon: Alright. Um... "Cheerful expressions... Smiles naturally spring forth... From fizzy soda..." Yeah, uhm... What do you think?
Kaoru: Impressive! A suitable expression of today's mood!
Kaoru: My turn has now come. Very well... "Fleeting beyond words... Clad in summer yukata... Is my brilliant form..."
Misaki: "A well-made haiku... Expressions of late summer... By Kaoru-san..."
Hagumi: Hahaha! Mii-kun replied with a haiku of her own!
Kokoro: Well done, Misaki!
Kanon: Mhm. Everyone, I think your haiku were very beautiful.
Kanon: You've definitely gotten a feel for writing them... Your thoughts and emotions came through loud and clear.
Kokoro: Yes, they did! But how strange... It's as if our haiku are lacking in something.
Kanon: You think so...?
Kokoro: Yes. I am not sure what they are missing, though.
Kokoro: They're only slightly off the mark, but still in need of that perfect zing.
Kanon: In need of some zing...
All: Hmmm~...
Kaoru: ... I believe the answer we are seeking will not be found with such brief contemplation.
Kokoro: It seems that way. What a shame.
Kanon: Still, the haiku themselves were very well done. It also covers the assignment, so... why don't we call them completed for now?
Misaki: She has a point. Worrying so much that we never actually finish would be trouble.
Hagumi: Okay, so our haiku are finished, then. Hooray~! My homework is done~!
Misaki: Hagumi, you're only done with the haiku part.
Hagumi: Ah! You're right!
Misaki: Anyway, we've been here for quite a while. Isn't it about time for our boat ride to come to an end?
Kanon: Yeah, it's already dark outside, and... Ah.
Kokoro: Look, everyone! They're shooting off fireworks!
Hagumi: Oh yeah! The haiku are important and all, but... we also came to see the fireworks!
Kaoru: Too absorbed in our haiku were we to remember.
Misaki: It feels like we're forgetting all kinds of stuff today.
Kanon: Fufu, it seems that way.
Kokoro: So this is how fireworks look from the inside of a boat! So big, so sparkly... How lovely!
Kanon: Yeah, they are really pretty.
Hagumi: And since we're the only ones here, it feels kind of special somehow!
Kokoro: Our own private VIP seats!
Kokoro: Yay! Ta~maya~!
Hagumi: Yay! Ta~maya~!!!
