event88-01 Opening: The Challenge of Haiku Writing!

The end of summer vacation is drawing near, but Misaki and the gang are struggling to come up with a haiku for homework...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Hagumi: And that's it for today's rehearsal~!
Kanon: Good work, everyone.
Misaki: I was worried that we may have gone overboard with our reservations lately, but our new song sounds good, so it all feels worth it.
Kaoru: Yes, and with our summer vacation being well spent, we need only wait for the new school year to begin.
Kanon: We'll have to make sure all of our homework is done before then.
Hagumi: Homework, huh? I'm not even close to done. How about you, Mii-kun?
Misaki: I'm more or less finished, I guess. All except for my haiku project, that is.
Hagumi & Kokoro: Haiku...?
Misaki: What's with that reaction? All second-year students were given a haiku assignment.
Kokoro: Very interesting. I had no idea!
Hagumi: Oh yeah, I remember now. I think. Maybe...
Kanon: Hahaha...
Kanon: Being asked to write haiku on the fly like that is difficult, isn't it? I wonder if there is some way we third-year students can help.
Kaoru: Oho, Kanon... Could it be that you are perhaps skilled in the art of haiku?
Kanon: I wouldn't say that, but I do write some from time to time at tea ceremony club.
Kaoru: How surprising! Very well. Let us combine forces to confront this haiku challenge.
Kaoru: By doing so, our comrades may be able to draw forth the latent memories of what they learned during their lessons.
Kanon: Yeah, nice idea! Would you guys be okay with that?
Misaki: I feel bad for dragging you both into this. But to be honest, it would be a big help.
Hagumi: Hooray~! Our homework won't know what hit it!
Kokoro: Well said! By the way, Kanon, what exactly is a haiku?
Kanon: Huh...? I guess we have a long way to go...
Kanon: A haiku is, simply put, a poem written in a five-seven-five rhythm.
Kanon: There are two specific rules you have to follow. The first is that five-seven-five pattern, and the second is keeping it seasonal.
Hagumi: Seasonal? What do you mean?
Kokoro: Is this some sort of riddle?
Kanon: No, what I mean is that the haiku has to represent the current season.
Kanon: For example, cherry blossoms or school entrance ceremonies... Both of those remind you of spring, right? That is what I meant by keeping it seasonal.
Hagumi: Oh~! I get it now~!
Misaki: Adding that seasonal tone can be difficult when you're already struggling to think of what to write.
Misaki: I tried coming up with something nice, but all I ended up with was a plain "Yup, it's summer time." feel.
Kokoro: Is that so? Hmmm... Kanon. Why exactly are haiku written?
Kanon: For a variety of reasons... Try to think of it like a short diary entry or a post on social media.
Kanon: Describing some memorable seasonal scenery or leaving a record of your recent experiences. That is just one way of looking at it, though.
Kokoro: A diary entry written with a five-seven-five rhythm! Sounds very exciting!
Kokoro: But in order to write one, we would need to find some gorgeous seasonal scenery, right?
Hagumi: Beautiful summer scenery... Hmmm... How about the beach?
Misaki: The beach might be a little out of the way for us. Besides, using something that common might make it even more difficult~...
Kanon: Okay then, how about a fireworks festival?
Kokoro, Kaoru, Hagumi & Misaki: Fireworks festival?
Kanon: Yeah. They're holding one at the river in the next town over. I saw them putting up a poster for it at the train station the other day.
Kanon: From what I've heard, they're going to shoot off all sorts of fireworks this year.
Hagumi: For real?! I wanna see, I wanna see~!
Kaoru: A fireworks festival to finalize our summer vacation. Marvelous, is it not?
Kokoro: We can wear our yukata when we go! That will make it even more fun!
Hagumi: I'm down! Okay, now to decide where and when to meet up~...
Kanon: H-hey guys... Don't forget about haiku writing...!
