event88-03 Chapter 2: Charge into the Unknown

While the five are waiting for the fireworks to go off, Kokoro seems to have found something...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Fireworks Festival - Event Location]

Kokoro: Mmm~! That was so much fun!
Hagumi: We stopped by a ton of stands, and I feel like we've got a good sense for a haiku now!
Kaoru: Yes, an unclouded understanding indeed.
Misaki: Uhmmm~... I'm not so sure about that.
Kanon: All that's left is to keep writing until it all comes together.
Kokoro: Okay, then let's spend the rest of the day writing haikus!
Kokoro: We shared many wonderful experiences today! Writing haikus, visiting shops, seeing fireworks. That, and... Hm?
Kanon: What is it, Kokoro-chan?
Misaki: Oh boy, here we go...
Kokoro: What might that be? I see a bunch of small boats floating in the water.
Kaoru: Ah, those are traditional pleasure boats.
Kokoro: What are those?
Kanon: Uhmmm... it's a boat that has a tatami room interior where people can see the sights while eating or playing games together.
Kanon: I heard on TV a while back that they're really popular for watching cherry blossoms during the spring...
Kokoro: Really? That sounds so very exciting!
Kokoro: Come on, let's go for a ride, everyone!
Hagumi: Huh?!
Kanon: R-right now...?
Kaoru: No, it is a splendid idea. Indulging in unknown experiences and gorgeous scenery is essential for creating haiku. What could be a more glorious example than a pleasure boat?
Kanon: That's... true...
Misaki: So this is what it has come to... Then again, I expected as much.
Kokoro: What are you mumbling about? All aboard, everyone!
Kanon: Ah, Kokoro-chan! W-wait~...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Pleasure Boat]

Kokoro: So this is a pleasure boat... The inside is larger than I expected.
Hagumi: Wow, it is~! They even have some instruments set up over here.
Kokoro: With those, we could put on an actual performance!
Misaki: Yeah, I don't think that's happening.
Kanon: Well, they do have a karaoke set in here, so it's not too farfetched, right?
Hagumi: That's not all. It also says that you can have monjayaki or yakiniku parties!
Kaoru: Interesting. That must be the purpose of those tables.
Kaoru: This isolated space would allow for a most... exhilarating event.
Kaoru: Why, I do believe a pleasure boat is truly the ideal setting for giving a performance.
Kokoro: That settles it! Our next concert will be held here!
Kokoro: By holding a party alongside the show, we can satisfy both the audience's minds and appetites! That is certain to create so many new smiles!
Hagumi: That sounds so cool! I can't wait!
Kanon: Huh?! Then again, a concert party on a boat doesn't sound too different from what we did on that cruise ship...
Misaki: Yeah, I guess you do have a point there. It would require some careful planning, though.
Misaki: Setting up a stage for our usual bouncy energy wouldn't work well, so we'll have to make a show that fits the setting...
Kokoro: That is simply not true! This should be more than enough space!
Kokoro: Everyone will come out on this side. I can then jump in this direction...
Hagumi: As for me, I'll pop in here like this, bam!
Kanon: Eek!
Misaki: Whoa~! Be careful, Hagumi! Watch out for that window!
Kanon: Y-you too, Kokoro-chan! Don't bounce around like that...!
Kokoro: Don't worry! Here we go, Hagumi~!
Hagumi: Alright! Ready, and...
Misaki: Aaah~!!!
Kanon: F-fue... Stop it, you two...!
