event88-06 Chapter 5: Until Now and From Now On

The five watch the fireworks on a Japanese-style cruise boat. As they watch, they start whipping up haiku verses...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Pleasure Boat]

Hagumi: Wow! That one is shaped like a star!
Kokoro: And that one is a smiley face! Amazing! Fireworks come in so many different shapes!
Misaki: Kokoro, I told you that it's dangerous to lean out of the boat like that.
Kokoro: Don't worry about me! Look, another one is coming!
Hagumi: Whoa, awesome!
Hagumi: Hey, doesn't that last one remind you of the parade from the amusement park a while back?! A big round ball that poofs out then sparkles everywhere!
Kaoru: Yes, now that you mention it.
Kokoro: That parade was so much fun. I would love to have another one.
Hagumi: Let's do it! The park manager would love it for sure!
Kokoro: You're right! Mmm, I can't wait!
Kanon: You two seem pretty excited tonight. Fufu.
Misaki: Haha... They're always like that.
Misaki: But yeah, that parade was really something. I still can't believe that actually happened.
Misaki: Then again, we've been through a lot of really unbelievable stuff.
Kanon: Yeah. We have so many wonderful memories together.
Misaki: I remember rushing around for most of it, though.
Kanon: Yeah, and I don't think things will be changing anytime soon...
Misaki: Uh-huh, I know what you mean... The future, huh?
Misaki: I have no idea what is in store for us, but like you said... I get the feeling those same old wacky hijinks are only going to keep growing in number.
Kokoro: Now that is not true.
Misaki: Huh?!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, how long have you been standing behind Misaki-chan...?!
Kokoro: Misaki, Kanon. What kind of memories are you hoping to make in the future?
Kokoro: As for myself, I am looking forward to creating even more smile-filled memories!
Kokoro: And that, of course, shouldn't be a problem for us!
Hagumi: I agree!
Kaoru: Indeed. For there is nothing we cannot accomplish.
Misaki & Kanon: ...
Misaki: ... Th-there they go again with the embarrassing remarks...
Kanon: But when Kokoro-chan says it, don't you get the feeling that it will inevitably happen?
Misaki: That's... probably true. As much as I hate to admit it.
Kanon: Fufu.
All: ...
Kanon: So pretty...
Kanon: "Lighting up the sky... Igniting embers within... Fierce summer fireworks..."
Kanon: Ah... The haiku in my head sort of slipped out.
Kokoro: That was lovely! Maybe I should have a go~...
Kokoro: "Unique works of art... Glistening parade of fire... Cosmic rivers run..." Like that!
Hagumi: Whoa~! Way cool! Now that's a haiku!
Hagumi: My turn now! Uhm... Something about summer, huh? Hmmm... "Ceiling high above... Rising up to brand new heights... Fireworks and laughter..." There we go!
Kaoru: And so I now take the stage. "Within the darkness... Blooms with blinding radiance... A smile in the night..."
Kanon: Great job, everyone...!
Kokoro: And now Misaki with the final act!
Hagumi: Do it♪ Do it♪
Misaki: Hey, all this pressure isn't going to help things.
Kokoro: You'll do fine, Misaki! Simply say what you're feeling!
Kaoru: Precisely. Release your inner self.
Hagumi: You can do it, Mii-kun!
Misaki: Aw, come on! Now I'm way too nervous to come up with anything...!
