event270-03 Chapter 2: Musically Connected Encounters

On the lively fest day, Poppin’Party explores the crowd-filled venue...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Ako Udagawa, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[The Day of the Flower Bloom Rock Festival]

[Flower Bloom Rock Festival - Food Area]

Arisa: Wow, this is amazing...! I can't believe so many people showed up...!
Rimi: It feels like the entire Hanasakigawa community is here...!
Saya: People from downtown and staff from city hall are watching too, so we need to make sure we check around as the organizers.
Arisa: Right. With this many people coming, we’ve got to do our part too...!
Rimi: Let’s give it our all while patrolling the food area!
Arisa: Yeah. But I’m more worried about Kasumi and O-Tae over at the stage area... They’ll probably get distracted if something fun catches their eye...
Saya: Don’t worry. Kasumi works hard at RiNG too, and O-Tae can be surprisingly dependable in times like these.
Arisa: True. Anyway, the food area’s buzzing. Yamabuki Bakery’s here too, right?
Saya: Yeah, they announced a special limited-edition bread, so Moca was super fired up to grab some.
Rimi: Ugh~ Everything looks so delicious, it’s making me hungry even though we’re on patrol...
Arisa: Same here. Just walking by smells so good—
???: Two of the limited ramen, Sis!
???: One Ladies Meal here!
???: Got it! Coming right up!
Saya: Hey, isn't that—
(Black cut)

[Galaxy Ramen - Booth Front]

Ako: Next customer, please! ...Oh hey, it's Saya-chan and the others~!
Saya: Hey there. Looks like things are busy at the Galaxy Ramen stand.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, it just started to calm down a bit. Are you guys on patrol duty?
Arisa: Yep. Kasumi and O-Tae are by the stage. By the way, that “limited ramen” you mentioned earlier...
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, it's the one we all made together. Boss said we could serve it at the festival this time too.
Rimi: Didn't you help out with that too, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Nah, I wouldn’t call it much of a help...
MASKING (Masuki): Don’t say that. That was the ultimate, unbeatable ramen we all created together.
Tomoe: It’s been super popular today too. My arms are already dead tired.
Saya: Don’t overdo it, okay? You’ve still got a live show coming up.
Ako: Sis is amazing at draining noodles! She flings them so high—bam!
LAYER (Rei): The customers were enjoying the show, too. You doing okay, Masuki? Stir-frying like that’s gotta be tough.
MASKING (Masuki): Totally fine. How about you, Rei? Sorry for dragging you in to help last minute.
LAYER (Rei): No worries, honestly I wanted to try something like this. ...Wait, looks like those customers over there might need help...?
Arisa: You’re right. We’ll go check on them.
(Black cut)
Saya: Excuse me, is everything okay?
Visitor A: Ah, are you staff? We were thinking of grabbing something to eat before the next band we want to see, but...
Visitor B: We weren’t sure if we could get back into the stage area if we left...!
Arisa: Oh, in that case—when you first came in, you should’ve gotten a re-entry wristband on your arm, so...
Rimi: Just show that to the staff at the entrance and you’ll be fine!
Visitor A: Oh, I see... Thank you so much! This is our first time at a festival like this...
Visitor B: We were a bit nervous at first, but this one feels so friendly and welcoming...
Visitor A: There are so many families, and the vendors are all super kind... I’m really glad we decided to come!
Saya: Fufu, I’m so happy to hear that. If you have any more questions, the staff tent is over there—feel free to ask.
Arisa: Also... please enjoy the festival!
Visitor A・B: Thanks so much!
(Black cut)
Tomoe: Everything good?
Saya: Yeah. Those kids—it was their first festival experience.
Ako: Really? I met some first-timers too!
MASKING (Masuki): Some people even came from pretty far away. One person said it was totally worth the trip.
LAYER (Rei): Others said they came just to see us perform. Being that close to the audience felt so new.
Arisa: Huh...
Kokoro: Mmmm~! Everywhere I look, it’s full of smiles—how wonderful!
Arisa: Wah!
Misaki: Jeez, Kokoro. You startled Ichigaya-san.
Rimi: Misaki-chan, Kokoro-chan! You two were checking out the festival too?
Misaki: Yeah, all of Hello, Happy World! is here. And Misono-san too.
Arisa: Whoa, really...?
Misaki: Kokoro pretty much dragged her along, but she actually seemed to be enjoying it.
Kokoro: It looked so fun—I just had to bring Charley too!
Arisa: I see...
Saya: Fufu, Arisa. You’re grinning again.
Arisa: ...! I-I’m not grinning or anything—
Arisa: ...I just... y'know, stuff like this is kinda nice. Like with those people earlier, too.
Arisa: It makes me really happy to think that something we did could get someone interested in music or festivals.
Rimi: Maybe this is what Kasumi-chan meant when she said “it’s spreading.”
Saya: Yeah... seeing everyone smile really makes it sink in.
Kokoro: We’re gonna spread even more smiles with our live show later! It'll be a blast!
Tomoe: Oh yeah? Well we’re ready too! We’ve been practicing like crazy for this!
Ako: Me too! Roselia’s super cool performance is gonna wow everyone!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, we can’t fall behind either, right, Masuki?
MASKING (Masuki): Definitely! ...But before that, you guys wanna try our ramen while you’re here?
Tomoe: Now that’s an idea! Eating our ultimate ramen is sure to fire us up for the best live ever!
Rimi: Whoa, really!? I’ve been starving for a while now...
Kokoro: I can’t wait to try the ramen you made, Tomoe!
Misaki: We should probably check with the others but... oh well, I’ll send them a message.
Rimi: The ultimate ramen... I’m so excited...!
Arisa: Saya... you know we’re technically on patrol right now, right?
Saya: Ahaha, but it’s fine to take a tiny break, right?
Arisa: ...Sheesh. I just hope Kasumi and O-Tae aren’t getting carried away over there too...
