event270-07 Ending: Always Sparkling, Heart-Pounding

The Flower Bloom Rock Festival ends successfully. The members of Poppin'Party reflect on the memories...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Flower Bloom Rock Festival - Venue]

Kasumi: Alright everyone~...
Poppin'Party: Cheers!
Saya: ...It's so quiet now.
Rimi: Yeah. Just a little while ago it was packed with people... it feels unreal.
Arisa: Yeah... it’s like... it really hit me that it’s all over now...
Tae: Are you feeling a little lonely, Arisa?
Arisa: ...Yeah. So what? Is it wrong to feel lonely?
Tae: Not at all.
Arisa: That's not what I meant! Geez... you’re just so you, O-Tae.
Kasumi: I feel lonely too~, Arisa~...
Kasumi: So let’s do it again!
Arisa, Rimi & Saya: ...!
Tae: Sounds good. Next month maybe?
Arisa: We can’t just do it again that soon! It was actually a lot of work, and we couldn’t have pulled it off just by ourselves...
Arisa: Besides, we’re already third-years. We won’t have as much time as we used to.
Kasumi: Eeh~... come on, can’t we figure something out?
Tae: Figure something out!
Arisa: No figuring it out. But... well, if we say we’ll do it again someday, I’m in.
Rimi: Arisa-chan...
Arisa: I mean, after doing this fest today, I feel like I finally understood something during the last part of the live.
Arisa: What Kasumi meant when she said she wanted us all to be able to go out and find our own sparkling, heart-pounding feelings.
Arisa: ...Today’s fest was seriously so much fun. It felt like all the fun we’ve had in every live until now was packed into this one.
Arisa: And I think it’s because of all the music we’ve made together over time that I could feel that way.
Saya: We’ve done all kinds of things—like basement shows, Culture Festival lives, and the Rocking Star Festival.
Tae: And the band trip to Osaka!
Rimi: All those experiences and all those people helped expand the circle of our music.
Arisa: Exactly. I thought if each of us could find our own sparkling, heart-pounding feelings, we could make an even bigger circle of music.
Kasumi: ...Yeah! I’m sure today’s fest was just the beginning of that!
Arisa: Totally. As we each connect with different people, we discover all kinds of sparkling, heart-pounding things.
Arisa: And if all of that comes together again in a fest like this, we’ll get to see an even more amazing view than today.
Arisa: That’s the kind of future I want to see too.
Poppin'Party: ...
Arisa: ...I-It’s suddenly kinda embarrassing... maybe I should just—
Saya: It’s okay. We all feel the same way. Right?
Kasumi, Rimi & Tae: Yeah!
Kasumi: That’s why—we’ve gotta go find them! The sparkling, heart-pounding things we’ve never seen before!
Kasumi: I’m sure there’s still so much more out there! Sparkling, heart-pounding things we’ve never even imagined—more than all the stars we can see now!
Tae: Yeah. Just hearing you two talk is making my heart pound too.
Saya: ...Yeah, I’ll find mine too—my very own sparkling, heart-pounding feeling.
Rimi: Me too. And I want to bring the sparkling, heart-pounding thing I find back to Poppin'Party.
Arisa: Then for sure, a future full of even more amazing sights is waiting for us... right?
Kasumi: Yeah!
Kasumi: ...Ehehe
Arisa: What’s with that creepy grin all of a sudden...
Kasumi: No, I just! I’m really glad Poppin'Party is Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: Let’s all see it together. The sparkling, heart-pounding future... side by side!
(White cut)
(Background change)
