event320-02 Chapter 1: A Sweet Little Plan

Tsugumi finds herself lost in thought during cleaning time. Just what makes a Valentine's special...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Hmm...
Ran: Tsugumi, I brought the dustpan. That trash over there...
Tsugumi: Hnnn...
Ran: ...Tsugumi?
Tsugumi: Oh, sorry! What's up?
Ran: I was gonna gather up the trash... You spacing out?
Tsugumi: Yeah. I was just thinking about how we can make Valentine's extra special.
Ran: Oh, that thing Moca was talking about... I don't think you need to take it so seriously.
Tsugumi: N-no, you can't say that! I think Moca-chan's serious, you know?!
Ran: Is she...? Isn't it kinda weird how talkative she was?
Tsugumi: Th-that...!
Tsugumi: ...But I think that just means she really wants a special Valentine's!
Tsugumi: I feel the same way as Moca-chan. I want us all to make it a special day together.
Ran: I see...
Tsugumi: Hey, Ran-chan, what if we go to a chocolate hot spring for Valentine's?
Ran: Huh... A chocolate hot spring?
Tsugumi: Yeah! Apparently there's this hot spring facility where you can play around in your swimsuit, and they even have a bath that smells like chocolate!
Tsugumi: And since it's only for Valentine's season, they've got this event where they pour real chocolate sauce into it...
Tsugumi: Wouldn't that make for a Valentine's you'll never forget?!
Ran: I mean, yeah, it'd definitely be unforgettable... but...
Tsugumi: Right?! And at another place, they've even got a chocolate shower!
Ran: W-wait! I don't think we need to shower in chocolate...
Tsugumi: Oh... you're right. I was trying to pick something memorable... something with a big impact...
Ran: I mean, it's not that it's bad... I just think we could also do something focused on chocolate you eat.
Tsugumi: Like eating special chocolate, or having it somewhere special?
Ran: Yeah. Even just decorating our usual spot would make it plenty special.
Tsugumi: Decorating our usual spot, huh...
Ran: We do that sometimes at my place. Like when my dad's apprentices come over, I'll make a new flower arrangement...
Tsugumi: Wow, that's lovely...!
Tsugumi: You're right... If we decorated with flowers arranged by you, Ran-chan, everyone would be so happy!
Ran: Huh...?!
Tsugumi: If we’ve got your work, Ran-chan, it’ll make Valentine’s a truly special memory. I don’t think anyone’ll forget it!
Ran: Ah... Um...
Ran: Wait... was that how this was supposed to go...?
Moca: The three members of the Stairway Cleaning Squad have returned~!
Himari: Hey, you two! We came up with a great idea for Valentine’s!
Tsugumi: What is it, what is it?
Himari: We all bring what we each think is a "super-duper special Valentine’s," and then we throw a party together! So?!
Moca: And the name was coined by Moca-chan~
Tomoe: We were saying Tsugu’s place would be best for it
Tsugumi: I think it’s a great idea! That way, we can decorate with Ran-chan’s flowers too!
Moca: Huh? Ran, you do flower arranging~?
Ran: No, it’s just that it ended up like that... Anyway, I’ll do it.
Tsugumi: Thanks, Ran-chan! I’ll ask my mom and the others if there’s a day we can use the shop!
Himari: Thanks~, Tsugu!
Moca: Man~ This is shaping up to be a super-duper special Valentine's, and I'm excited~!
Himari: Yeah~! Everyone, let's do our best getting ready for Valentine's! Hey, hey, hoh~
Himari & Tsugumi: Hoh~!!
Tomoe: Even Tsugumi...! You're really fired up~
Ran: She's been super pumped this whole time.
Moca: Once Tsugurific gets going, nobody can stop it~
Tsugumi: (All right... I'll do my best to make this a special Valentine's!)
