event320-07 Ending: One for the Notebook

Afterglow basks in the sweet, happy warmth of the moment. Tsugumi and Moca share a satisfied glance--

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tomoe: Phew~~, I ate so much~...
Himari: Being able to fill up on sweets... is the best~...!
Tsugumi: But right now, I don't really feel like moving...
Ran: ...Yeah. I might not need chocolate for the next year.
Tomoe: Still, we've got a lot left over.
Himari: I'll take some home~! I'll eat it little by little starting tomorrow~
Ran: No way...
Himari: I'm serious~. Moca, you're taking some too, right?
Moca: I am, I am~. Man, I wish I could take the chocolate fountain home too-
Tsugumi: Fufu. Moca-chan, you were in front of the chocolate fountain the whole time.
Moca: Yeah~, it was way too fun~... I didn't expect the wafers to get swept away in the chocolate waterfall, though~
Tomoe: That's 'cause you got greedy, Moca~.
Himari: Ahaha, but I get it. If you can pour on as much chocolate as you want, you wanna go all out.
Ran: They had salty snacks too, right? I just ate those normally, though.
Moca: You pour chocolate on those too~. Sweet and salty is the best combo~
Tomoe: Nah, going back and forth between sweet and salty is good too. I could eat twice as much as usual.
Tsugumi: I totally get that! It felt like I could eat forever, and it made me so happy...
Moca: Ahh... This truly was a "super-special Valentine's Day" I'll never forget for the rest of my life~
Himari: Wait, who came up with that again?
Tomoe: You did, Himari. You're always the one talking about events and stuff.
Ran: But wasn't Moca the one who went along with it?
Himari: Right! And then Tsugu got super motivated, and Moca surprised us too...
Tomoe: And that's how we ended up with today's chocolate fountain and homemade cake.
Ran: It's pretty rare for you two to go this far. Did something happen?
Tsugumi: I don't think it's that rare... right? Isn't that right, Moca-chan?
Moca: Yup.
Moca & Tsugumi: Fufu...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

Tomoe: All right, I'm ready! C'mon, let's go to band practice!
Ran: Huh, already? The bell just rang.
Himari: Tomoe, you were sneaking around getting ready before homeroom even ended, weren't you? I saw you, you know!
Tomoe: Ahaha, you caught me.
Tsugumi: Okay, all set with my stuff... Moca-chan, we're heading out now~
Moca: Okaaay.
Moca: Hey, Tsugu~. Check this out~
Tsugumi: Your doodle notebook, Moca-chan? Oh, this sticker...!
Moca: It's a super~ precious sticker I received from blessed Tsugu-sama, so I slapped it right in the middle of the page~
Tsugumi: Fufu, that makes me so happy. The drawings around it are adorable too!
Tsugumi: Huh, is this a guitar phrase?
Moca: It kinda just came to me~. Maybe Moca-chan's a genius~
Tsugumi: That's amazing, Moca-chan! Are you gonna turn it into a song?
Moca: Maybe in ten years~. A masterpiece from a great composer takes time, you know~
Tsugumi: Oh, I see. Then we've gotta do "The Super Special Valentine's Day" ten more times!
Moca: Ooh, so that's how it is~
Himari: Tsugu, Moca~! You're gonna be late for studio time!
Moca: Okaaay, I'm coming now. Tsugu, let's go~
Tsugumi: Yeah!
(White cut)
(Background change)
