event195-07 Ending: Like the Summer Sunlight

A few days later, Chisato's cheerful laughter echoes in the rehearsal studio...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Chisato: Good morning. Sorry I'm late, my last appointment ran over-
Aya: Ah, Chisato-chan! We were waiting for you... Huh? Ahhh...!
Aya: Owie!
Chisato: Aya-chan?! Are you okay?
Aya: That hurt... Ahaha. I fell.
Eve: Aya-san, are you hurt?
Aya: I'm okay. My mind just went elsewhere as soon as Chisato-chan arrived.
Chisato: Now, Aya-chan, you know how dangerous it can be if you don't pay attention.
Aya: Ehehe. Sorry. But I feel like I almost pulled it off.
Chisato: What were you doing?
Hina: Aya-chan said she wanted to change a move in the dance routine of our new song, so we were trying it out.
Maya: The movement was a bit too big. I think we need to work on it a little more.
Aya: Hmm, I thought it would work~. If we can pull it off, then we'll look even cuter!
Aya: This is what I had in mind! We could spin during the chorus and then strike a cute pose♪
Chisato: Oh, okay. You know, that is a good idea. If the audience likes it, it'll make people even more excited... Fufu...
Aya: H-hrm? Was it strange?
Chisato: I'm sorry for laughing. I was thinking of when you were just yelling, "owie!"... It was funny... Fufu.
Hina: What's going on? Did that tickle your funny bone?
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan~!
Hina: Idols don't say "owie," right? She really said "Owie!"
Chisato: Stop it, Hina-chan. D-don't make me laugh...!
Maya: Ahaha. It was a pretty amazing fall.
Eve: It was a very artistic move! Something only you could do, Aya-san!
Hina: Right~?! After our last video shoot, I didn't think we'd be seeing stuff like that anymore, but I'm happy to know that it looks like we're still in for some fun!
Aya: Hey~! What do you mean by "stuff like that"~?!
Hina: Huh? It's a good thing. You're just not the same if you don't do "stuff like that"!
Hina: Right~, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Oh, I'd like for Aya-chan to continue growing.
Chisato: Of course, the person who needs to improve the most is me.
Aya: Chisato-chan...!
Maya: Well, since everyone's here now, let's start practicing again.
Chisato: There may be a spot that's perfect for Aya-chan's idea. We should look for it while we practice.
Maya: Okay. Let's start from the beginning of the new song.
Hina: Okay. Getting in place~.
Aya: Chisato-chan... I'm going to do my best!
Chisato: I know. I'm looking forward to it.
Chisato: (But you know, Aya-chan, you don't have to rush to grow up so fast.)
Aya: Alright! We're going to make our dance moves even cuter~!
Chisato: Oh, by the way, after we go through the moves, could we work on the bridge? There's a phrase I'd like to add to the arrangement.
Maya: No problem! You're pretty pumped up today, aren't you?
Chisato: Yes. You know who is growing fast, and I don't want to fall behind her.
Eve: Me neither! I won't lose!
Maya: I'm going to give it everything I've got, so I won't get left behind either.
Hina: Ahaha! Y'all are crackling and sparkling like fireworks! I love your energy!
Hina: Maybe I'll go all out too♪
Aya: Well, I'm not going to lose either!
Chisato: Good, me neither.
Maya: Is everyone ready? Okay, here we go! A one, and a two, and a three...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: (... Together, step by step, let's keep climbing...)
Chisato: (That bright and shining staircase to our dreams.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
