event195-05 Chapter 4: Flowers in the Night Sky

As the girls are enjoying the stalls, a fan approaches them...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Fireworks Festival - Event Space]

Hina: Slowly hook the loop... and then pull up! Yay~! I got the pink balloon♪ This is the second one I've gotten!
Maya: Nice one, Hina-san. I could only get this green one.
Aya: I haven't gotten anything yet. Every time I lift my hook, the string snaps... but you just keep getting more. You're amazing.
Hina: Really? But all you have to do is keep the paper string from getting wet.
Aya: That's the hard part~... Um, am I doing it right, now?
Eve: Ah, Aya-san, the sleeve of your kimono might get wet. You should hold it with your other hand like this.
Aya: Thanks, Eve-chan~! Chisato-chan told me the same thing, but I was so focused on the game that I forgot.
Hina: Guess I'll just have to get some for you, then~. What color do you want?
Aya: You will? Thanks, Hina-chan! I want that purple one! And...
Hina: This yellow one, right?! Okay, two yo-yo balloons coming up.
Eve: Ah, are you getting all the colors of our members?
Aya: Yep. I want to get all five of our colors. That way no one gets left out.
Chisato: That's so kind of you.
Hina: Alright! I'm gonna grab 'em in a flash~!
Aya: You can do it, Hina-chan!
Fan: Um... You're Pastel＊Palettes, right?
Hina: Yup, that's us.
Fan: Oh my gosh~! I can't believe you're here! I'm a huge fan of yours! I've been to your shows and your fan events... I just love Pastel＊Palettes...!
Chisato: Thank you for supporting us. That makes us so happy.
Fan: Um, Eve-chan...! Last week was another amazing episode of All Day＊Bushido!
Eve: Thank you! I am so happy to meet a Bushi-star!
Passerby A: Huh? Is someone famous here? Who, who?
Passerby B: Dunno, but they're idols. See those five girls there? I feel like I've seen them before, maybe.
Maya: (Uh-oh... Everyone's starting to look at us.)
Chisato: (I have to do something before we draw any more attention to our-)
Eve: Um, if you like, we could take a picture together.
Fan: What?! R-really?
Eve: Of course! Let's take a picture over there where there is more space! Come on, let's go.
(Black cut)

[15 Minutes Later]

Maya: Phew~, I was getting worried about what might happen back there. I'm glad things didn't get out of hand.
Aya: Yeah! That fan was so happy. They said they'd always cherish that picture.
Chisato: It was thanks to Eve-chan's quick thinking.
Eve: No, no! If we had stayed in front of that stall, we might have caused trouble for the the workers.
Eve: Since that fan was brave enough to say hello, I did not want to disappoint them.
Aya: Yeah, I know what you mean~! Sometimes the timing isn't right, and you have to turn them down. But I'd like to spend time with our fans when we can.
Chisato: Making time for fans while also considering your surroundings is something important to keep in mind.
Chisato: Eve-chan, as an idol, you've grown to where you naturally think about those things.
Eve: Naturally...?
Maya: ...? What is it, Eve-san?
Eve: I was just thinking if that had been an earlier version of myself, I might have continued talking with that fan in front of that stall.
Chisato: I think that means you've learned how to handle these kinds of situations better from encountering them yourself.
Chisato: This is the result of all your experiences so far.
Eve: Hearing you say that makes me so happy! But the reason I can do that now must be because-
Hina: Huh? Is it time for the fireworks already?
Maya: Looks that way. Wow~, that's pretty...
Chisato: Yes...
Aya: How about we go to a better place to watch them? I know a good spot. Follow me.
Maya: Follow you where?
Aya: Fu, fu, fu~. You'll know when we get there♪ This way, guys~!
Hina: Alright! Everybody follow Aya-chan~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
