event195-02 Chapter 1: Flowers That Bloom One Day

The night before the fireworks festival, Chisato prepares diligently.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Night Before Filming]

[Shirasagi Residence - Chisato's Room]

Chisato: First, we could introduce the head organizer of the fireworks festival... And next, ask about the history of the festival...
Chisato: After that, we could get the organizer to explain the different types of fireworks and then end by asking about their excitement for the festival...
Chisato: If we order the interview questions like that, I think Aya-chan will probably get confused and ask them out of order.
Chisato: If that happens, I'll just subtly jump in and help her get back on track...
Chisato: ... Okay. With this, we should be alright no matter what happens.
Chisato: Oh, right. It looks like it's going to be really hot again tomorrow. I'll bring some folding fans. And some bandages in case the geta straps hurt our feet...
Chisato: Fufu. How unlike me it is to be this excited.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Day Of Filming]

[Fireworks Festival - Organizers' Tent]

Eve: Wow~! You all look so beautiful in your yukata!
Hina: Thanks~, Eve-chan♪ You look really nice in your yukata too.
Maya: I've worn yukata a few times for work, and it's kind of exciting. It feels like summer when you're in one~.
Eve: I know what you mean! When you wear a yukata, you stand tall and straight, looking and feeling like the perfect image of a beautiful Japanese woman!
Maya: You look so happy, Eve-san.
Chisato: Yes, she really does. She's been looking forward to today's job.
Hina: Chisato-chan, you look perfect in your yukata just like I imagined you would. It's like you're used to wearing them.
Eve: That is because Chisato-san has been wearing kimono ever since "The Lone Swordsman"! The way she walks, her small gestures, she is a master of the kimono arts!
Maya: Fufu. Eve-san, you sound more proud of that than she does.
Chisato: Eve-chan, that's enough about that...
Aya: Sorry to keep you waiting, everyone~! It took me some time to change... Ah, oops...!
Maya: Uh-oh! A-are you okay?
Aya: I-I'm sorry, Maya-chan. I'm not used to wearing geta yet and I tripped~.
Chisato: Those are a new pair, so they might be a little tight. Loosening the straps should make them easier to walk in.
Aya: Thanks, Chisato-chan. I'll give that a try.
Chisato: Tell me if the straps start hurting your feet. I brought some bandages just in case.
Chisato: We should try not to lean back in chairs while wearing yukata, or we'll crush our obi. Also, it's easy to accidentally get the sleeves dirty, so be careful!
Eve: Yes! We will be careful!
Maya: Chisato-san, you're always so helpful.
Aya: Yeah, I always feel better when you're around~.
Chisato: Let's do a good job today.
(Black cut)

[The Start Of Filming]

Aya: Let's begin our interview with the head organizer of the fireworks festival. When did this event first start?
Head Organizer: Ah, R-right! Th-this festival hasn't been around long. Only six years... We'd like to make it into an even bigger event...!
Hina: (Uh-oh~, the organizer is pretty nervous~.)
Chisato: (We're supposed to ask about the different kinds of fireworks next. I wonder if they'll be okay.)
Aya: So you're hoping to make it even more exciting in the future! What can you tell us about the main attract-
Head Organizer: Umm, o-our goal is to put on an event that everyone will enjoy... So we're going to do our best this year! We hope people like it!
Maya: (Ah, the interview went off script...!)
Chisato: (Not good. At this rate, Aya-chan might not be able to get the interview back on track...!)
Chisato: (Before that happens, I'll-)
Aya: I know how you feel.
Head Organizer: Huh?
Aya: I know exactly how it feels to want to make people happy!
Aya: I bet it was a lot of hard work organizing this event. There must have been many times when you were frustrated or worried or felt like nothing was going right...
Head Organizer: Yes. We had... many hurdles to overcome.
Aya: But no matter how painful or difficult things became, you did your best because you wanted to see everyone's smiling faces!
Aya: I know what that's like all too well. Idols feel the same way.
Head Organizer: Y-yes...! I never imagined I would ever share something in common with an idol... Fufu. That kind of makes me smile.
Eve: (The organizer smiled...! It looks like they are feeling more relaxed.)
Aya: Now, back to those amazing fireworks of yours. Would you tell us what kind of fireworks will be featured?
Head Organizer: Yes! I'll start with our main attraction...
Maya: (Wow, the interview is back on script...!)
Hina: (Whoa! Nice job, Aya-chan!)
Chisato: (I can't believe Aya-chan was able to handle that so smoothly...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
