event195-06 Chapter 5: Bloom, Wither, Repeat

The night sky is filled with fireworks. What are Chisato's thoughts?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hilltop]

Hina: Wow~! The fireworks are huge~! This is the best place to see them!
Aya: Ehehe. The festival's head organizer told me about this spot.
Maya: The fireworks are so explosive when you see them this close...!
Aya: Yeah. That sound is incredible too! It makes my whole body shake...!
Hina: What~? Aya-chan, did you say something~?
Aya: I said the sound from the fireworks is incredible~!
Hina: Ahaha! Yeah, it is!
Maya: Fufu. We'll have to shout to hear each other until our ears adjust!
Eve: Yes! This is fun!
Aya: Ah! Did you see that? That firework changed into so many colors! I bet that was one of the highlights of the show!
Chisato: I think you're right. It changed from red to yellow and then to blue... How beautiful.
Eve: It was magnificent! Tamaya~!
Hina: Ooh, nice. I'll join in too~!
Eve: Please do! Let's all shout together!
Aya, Eve, Hina & Maya: Tamaya~!
Aya: This is so much fun! It's like we're cheering for the fireworks!
Eve: Cheering for the fireworks...! Yelling "Tamaya~" is like doing a call and response!
Aya: Fufu. When you think about it that way, fireworks and idols have something in common!
Maya: ...? What do you mean?
Aya: Well, they both shine brightly, lighting up their surroundings, and they captivate the hearts of those watching them.
Aya: They sparkle and fill you with excitement... And give you unforgettable memories!
Hina: Ahaha, you're right! I guess they kinda are like idols! They're loud and fun and bright and sparkly!
Chisato: Yes. The way they dazzle you and then vanish... The fleetingness of them.
Chisato: ...!
Hina: Did you see that, Maya-chan?! That was a smiley face~! I didn't know there were fireworks like that~.
Maya: I bet Hello, Happy World!'s faces would just light up if they saw that. Ah, now there's a heart!
Chisato: (It seems like they couldn't hear that over the fireworks...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: (... Fireworks are fleeting. Just like summer, they come and they pass you by.)
Chisato: (Just as this same summer will never come again, we will continue to change.)
Chisato: (The role I unconsciously felt I had to play in the band up until now... ended today.)
Chisato: (But that's okay. It's proof that Aya-chan has worked to get closer to her dream.)
Chisato: (And that's why we have to remember these moments forever. Because they only happen once.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Chisato-chan?
Chisato: What is it, Aya-chan?
Aya: Thanks.
Chisato: Huh...? For what?
Aya: Today, I wanted to do so well that you'd say, "Great job, Aya-chan"... So I worked super hard.
Aya: After I went over the script last night, I thought about what you would do. I imagined I was doing the interview and checked the script over and over...
Aya: In other words, you're the reason I did so well today. Thank you.
Chisato: Aya-chan...
Eve: I know how you feel. When it looked like we were going to cause a commotion earlier, I changed locations because I was sure that's what Chisato-san would do.
Eve: It was like a little Chisato-san inside of me said, "Eve-chan, staying here might cause trouble for the shop."
Aya: I know exactly what you mean!
Aya: It's like when you don't know what to do, a signal flashes telling you to "go this way"!
Hina: Ahaha! Chisato-chan is a signal? You say some funny stuff~!
Eve: Chisato-san, you said that I have grown to naturally think about those things. But it is all thanks to you.
Maya: The same goes for me too. I look at the way you act when we're working as a guide for how to carry myself in the entertainment industry.
Hina: I don't have a "Chisato-chan Signal" in me, but I always feel the way you think and the things you care about are different and interesting~.
Chisato: Everyone...
Aya: When I really think about it, there are a lot of things I've gotten better at thanks to you.
Aya: And when I think to myself, "Chisato-chan is watching me," that fills me with energy and makes me want to try even harder.
Chisato: Hearing that makes me feel like what I've done really meant something... Thank you.
Hina: Oh, my gosh~! Look! Look! That firework has five colors! This kinda looks like...
Maya: Yep! It looks like us!
Eve: The colors are so lovely.
Aya: Wow! This one is even higher than the last one! And bigger too~! It looks like a sunflower!
Chisato: Yes, it does. It looks like it's wrapping around the 5-colored fire-
Chisato: (That's it...)
(White cut)
Chisato: (If things are going to change from now on... then I just have to aim higher too. I'll shine even brighter than I do now.)
Chisato: (If I grow, then the others will shine with me just as brightly. As long as we're together, then I'm sure...)
Chisato: (We'll shine magnificently. Like big, colorful fireworks.)
(White cut)
Aya: ...? What's the matter, Chisato-chan? You've been staring over this way...
Chisato: It's nothing. The fireworks are just so beautiful...
Aya: ...?
Chisato: Hey, everyone. Next year, let's all go see fireworks together again.
Hina: You don't say stuff like that often. Something feels off~.
Chisato: Oh, is that so? Of course, only if we don't have work or practice to go to.
Hina: Ahaha! Now that's the Chisato-chan I know~. Count me in, of course!
Eve: I hope we all wear yukata again too!
Maya: Yeah, let's go together again next year!
Aya: It's a promise!
Chisato: That it is.
Chisato: (You can't just sit and watch as summer passes you by. That would be... such a waste.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
