event195-04 Chapter 3: Geta Echoing Clearly

There is still time until the fireworks. The girls make their way to the stalls.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Fireworks Festival - Event Space]

Aya: Wow~, there are so many food stalls~!
Hina: We've still got time before the fireworks start, so let's eat something! I'm so hungry I could eat a horse~.
Maya: What should we get? There are takoyaki, candied apples, corn on the cob... Ah, there are corn dogs too!
Eve: There are chocolate-covered bananas and mini castella sponge cakes over there!
Aya: I can't decide~! Everything looks so good~!
Hina: When this happens, you've gotta just try it all!
Maya: There's no way we can eat everything~.
Aya: How about you, Chisato-chan? Is there anything you'd like to eat?
Chisato: Well, I'm not really familiar with these kinds of foods, so I'm not sure which ones I'd like...
Chisato: So I'll just get what you are all getting.
Aya: Okay. Then let's decide as we check the stalls out. You might see something you want while we're looking around!
Maya: That sounds good. Chisato-san, is that okay with you?
Chisato: Yes. Thank you.
Aya: Then let our grand food stall hunt begin~!
Hina, Eve & Maya: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
Hina: Huh~. Chisato-chan, you got strawberry~! I got Blue Hawaiian♪
Maya: For some reason, I didn't think you'd get shaved ice.
Chisato: Really? I was thirsty, and I really loved the color.
Chisato: ... Mmm. It's cold and sweet.
Aya: Ugh~, I got a brain freeze~...
Eve: Aya-san, getting a brain freeze is one of the charms of eating shaved ice! It would be impossible to enjoy shaved ice without it!
Aya: You're right! Shaved ice just wouldn't be the same without it going straight to your head! ... Munch!
Eve & Aya: Mmm~!!
Maya: Ahaha... Take your time. There's no need to eat it all at once, right...?
Hina: Hey, guys, is my tongue blue?
Chisato: Fufu. It sure is. It's as blue as blue can be.
Hina: Shaved ice is so much fun~! I bet your tongue is red. Lemme see~♪
Chisato: I don't think so. That would be too embarrassing.
Hina: Tsk~. Hrm? What was that sound...?
Maya: Oh, it's the shooting gallery over there. When the bell rings, that means someone has won a prize.
Aya: Hey, we should totally do the shooting gallery next!
Hina: Yeah~! I'm gonna win tons of prizes~!
(Black cut)
Maya: Aim~... Steady~... Fire!
Eve: Whoa! You hit it again! Maya-san, you are good at shooting targets!
Maya: Huhehe. I like these kinds of things. Um, I wonder what prize I won...
Chisato: It's a rubber finger puppet. Is this... a cute kitty character?
Maya: Who's up next?
Aya: Me! I want to try!
Hina: Alright! Good luck, Aya-chan! At the Gabai Gabai Festival, I almost started laughing 'cause you couldn't hit a single thing.
Aya: That's why today I'm going to have my revenge! Now~, which one should I aim for? Alright, I'll go for the box of candy.
Eve: Wow, that is a big prize. But that is our Aya-san. You are always aiming for the top!
Aya: Push in the cork... Aim carefully~... And fire!
Chisato: Ah, you hit it!
Eve: But it did not move even a little... The enemy has an iron defense.
Aya: Aww~, and I hit it too~.
Maya: Aya-san, there's a little trick to the shooting gallery. First, you should hold your arm tightly against your side. That way, the gun won't move when you shoot.
Maya: The other thing is the angle you aim at. It's easier to knock the prizes over if you aim upward at the top right of the prize instead of straight at it.
Aya: Oh, okay... I'll try...!
Aya: Keep my arm tight by my side to stay still... Aim upward at the top right... and shoot!
Aya: Ah! ... I got it...! Yay~!
Hina: You did it, Aya-chan! You won a prize!
Eve: That was amazing, Aya-san! You succeeded right away.
Chisato: Looks like you got your revenge for the Gabai Gabai Festival.
Aya: Yep! Winning prizes feels so good. And it's all thanks to you, Maya-chan~.
Maya: All I did was give you a couple of tips. The rest was all you.
Aya: Ehehe. Next time I need to write what I'm good at, maybe I'll put down "shooting gallery"♪ I can be like, "I never miss my mark!"
Chisato: Fufu. Just like your magic tricks, you're learning how to do many things.
Hina: ... Ah, yo-yo water balloon fishing!
Chisato: Huh?
Hina: Look over there! There's a booth with the yo-yo fishing game! Let's do that next, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: H-hey, Hina-chan? Don't pull me so hard.
Hina: C'mon, guys! Or you'll get left behind~.
Maya: Hina-san, wait~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
