event195-01 Opening: This Summer

In a recording the girls are reviewing, Aya makes her characteristic fumbles.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Candy Shop]

Aya: Hi, everyone~! We are...
Pastel＊Palettes: Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: Right now, we're at a popular candy shop~! Just look at all these colorful candies.
Eve: Flower candies, heart-shaped marshmallows... Everything is so cute! This shop is like a toy box!
Hina: Look how much candy I grabbed! At this shop, you can get as many as you can stuff in your bag.
Hina: Check this out! This gum is shaped like an alien~!
Aya: Wow, that's so neat~! I wonder what I'll get. All the candies are so cute. It's hard to choose~.
Maya: Yes, it is! I know what you mean.
Aya: These panda candies are cute too~! Ah, are those rabbits over there?
Maya: What?! Ah, I-I think they are~! Ahahaha...
Maya, Hina & Eve: ...
Maya: Aya-san! Introduce the next part...!
Chisato: Fufu. This shop is lovely. It's easy to get excited about everything here, isn't it, Aya-chan?
Aya: I-I'm sorry. I got sidetracked...!
Chisato: Now, Aya-chan, this shop currently has a very special promotion going on, doesn't it?
Aya: Yes, it does! Every day the first twenty customers to shop here will receive a special gift!
Maya: Wow~, isn't that great? What kind of gift is it?
Aya: Well... Ta-da~! It's this rainbow cotton candy!
Eve: Wow, that cotton candy is as big as your head! I am sure that would fill you right up.
Aya: Let's see how it tastes... Mmm~! It's sweet and fluffy, and tasty like wata-ame♪
Hina: Ahaha! Of course it is. Cotton candy is wata-ame!
Aya: Ah, right! Well, umm... It tastes like a dream!
Chisato: Fufu. That's an interesting expression. Do you mean it's so sweet and delicious that you feel like you're dreaming?
Aya: Yes! That's it! That's how good it is!
Chisato: And there you have it. This amazing candy shop is like something out of a dream. Now, back to the studio.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: I made so many mistakes that day... Ohh~, I'm sorry, everyone~.
Hina: You think so? Aren't you usually like this?
Aya: Ugh... That one really hurt...
Maya: H-Hina-san!
Hina: If you ask me, it was pretty funny. I don't think there's anything to worry about, really~.
Maya: Right! We talked about all the important information, so I think we did well too.
Eve: And the way you enjoyed yourself in the store showed how much fun it is!
Aya: Thank you, everyone...
Aya: Chisato-chan, thank you for helping me. You really saved me that day.
Chisato: It was nothing. We're a team. Helping each other is what we do.
Aya: I know, but... I'm always depending on you.
Aya: I want to do it more properly and perfectly, so I'm going to work even harder!
Chisato: It's important to feel that way about your work, but don't you think trying to be perfect right away might be hard?
Chisato: Compared to before, you are much better at improvising. I think it's good to focus on solving one issue at a time. There's no need to feel pressured to rush through things.
Aya: Okay...
Eve: Chisato-san, you always know just what to say. Do you have any tips or techniques that you keep in mind?
Chisato: Not really. I just read the script a lot and visualize different situations.
Eve: Oh~. That is like the saying "Preparation is the first step to success"!
Aya: I prepared too... But no, it wasn't enough. I'll have to prepare even more next time!
Maya: You're really determined to do your best.
Aya: I have to be. This weekend we have the fireworks festival job.
Eve: We are interviewing the event's head organizer. I am so happy we will be able to work together wearing yukata!
Aya: Next time, I'll do my best to try and not cause trouble for Chisato-chan or anyone else.
Chisato: Great, I'm looking forward to seeing you in action. But don't push yourself too hard, okay?
Hina: Ah, that reminds me! Do you guys have any plans after we finish that job?
Chisato: I don't. Not at the moment, anyway... Why?
Hina: Since we'll be at a fireworks festival, I thought we could enjoy it together. There are supposed to be a ton of different stalls there!
Maya: Oh, I like the sound of that! I'll be free, so I can stay!
Aya: I can stay too! Festival stalls~. I want to do goldfish scooping~! And eat wata-ame!
Eve: I want to eat a candied apple! Fufu. I am so happy to spend time together when we are not working.
Chisato: Yes, it feels like it's been a while since we've done that.
Hina: Then it's decided! Mmm~, now things are getting super boppin'~♪
Aya: We've been really busy lately, so I'm happy we'll be able to do something fun together right before summer ends.
Chisato: We'll make this summer vacation one to remember. And to do that...
Aya: We know, Chisato-chan! To have a great time at the fireworks festival, we'll need to do our best when we're working~!
Hina, Eve & Maya: Yeah!
Chisato: Good, let's give it our all.
Chisato: (It seems like summer this year is far from over yet.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
