event305-05 Chapter 4: Then and Now

As Toko and Rui's training continues, Tsukushi approaches Rui...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[A Few Days Later]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Tsukushi: Ah, Rui-san. Hello. Heading home now?
Rui: Hello. Yes, I just finished student council work.
Tsukushi: I see, so there's no training today. That's why Toko-chan and the others said they were going to the atelier.
Tsukushi: I'm actually heading home now too. Want to walk together?
Rui: Yes, I don't mind.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Tsukushi: So... How's the training going? Going well? Do you think Toko-chan will be able to play it?
Rui: Well. She's improved a little, but I can't give a conclusion yet.
Tsukushi: ...Oh, even you think she's improved a little, Rui-san?
Rui: Yes, a little.
Tsukushi: I see...
Rui: Futaba-san, is something wrong? Is something on your mind?
Tsukushi: Ah, um...
Tsukushi: It's just... I'm surprised about a lot of things.
Rui: ? About what?
Tsukushi: About the training. Both Toko-chan asking you to practice with her, and you accepting it. I was a bit surprised.
Tsukushi: When something similar happened before, you two got into a fight, remember?
Tsukushi: So I was wondering what kind of change of heart there was~.
Tsukushi: Ah! I'm not trying to pry! As the leader, I'm just concerned about the members...
Rui: ...I don't know what Kirigaya-san is thinking, but...
Rui: Compared to back then, the current Morfonica... and Kirigaya-san have been producing results.
Rui: So I thought it might be okay to give it a try now.
Tsukushi: Rui-san...
Rui: Also...
Rui: The meaning of the word 'believe' that you all use... Maybe I'm starting to understand it a little bit.
Tsukushi: ...Fufu, I see.
Rui: But honestly, I'm a bit surprised. I never expected Kirigaya-san to follow what I said to that extent.
Rui: She's keeping to the start times, completing the assignments. She complains, but there's not much emotional arguing...
Tsukushi: That means...
Tsukushi: I think it's because Toko-chan recognizes you just as much as you're starting to recognize her.
Tsukushi: There were lots of disagreements and fights, but we've still been doing Morfonica together this whole time!
Rui: ...I'm not so sure about that.
Tsukushi: No, I can tell! Because I'm the leader!
Rui: ...I see.
Tsukushi: Fufu, you don't have to be embarrassed.
Rui: I'm not embarrassed, though...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Mashiro: Toko-chan, amazing...! You've gotten so much better than when you started...!
Nanami: The results of Rui-rui's tough training are showing~. You played the hardest part way better than before too.
Toko: Well yeah, I'm a genius! With a little practice, I can do this much~!
Toko: ...But honestly, I still feel like something's missing~.
Mashiro: True, to get Rui-san's approval, you need to be able to do it more perfectly.
Toko: Y'know, the Rui in my head is like, 'There's no way I can pass you at this level.' ...Stuff like that~!
Mashiro: Fufu. Rui-san would definitely say that.
Nanami: Ahaha. Toko-chan, you're starting to understand Rui-rui too~.
Toko: That girl seriously never gives me any breaks?! Unless I show her something cool enough to blow her away, she won't be satisfied~!
Toko: I mean, Rui's such a know-it-all!
Nanami: T-Toko-chan...
Toko: ...But she's been helping me practice, and I know I'm starting to see the results with her uncompromising attitude.
Toko: Sigh~~! Fine, I'll try a bit harder~!
Mashiro: Yeah...! We'll help out too!
Nanami: If there's anything that we notice, we'll tell you right away~.
Toko: Thanks, you two! Tell me everything!
