event305-04 Chapter 3: Someone Who Believes in Herself

Rui reluctantly accepts Toko's request, but seeing Toko accept her strict instruction...

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

[After School]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Empty Classroom]

Toko: The finge position here is... like this...
Rui: Kirigaya-san.
Toko: Rui! You're late, what were you doing?
Rui: The application you submitted for using the empty classroom was wrong again, so I was fixing it.
Toko: Ah, so close~. I double-checked this time so I thought it would went through~.
Rui: There's no such thing as 'close' when it comes to application forms. ...When on earth are you going to learn?
Toko: Yes, yes, I'm sorry~. More importantly, let's start today's training!
Rui: Good grief...
Rui: (But normally, Kirigaya-san would find this kind of thing too much trouble...)
Rui: (She made mistakes, but for her to submit the application form on her own... Should I think she's at least somewhat serious about this?)
(Black cut)
Toko: ...How's that?! That felt pretty good just now, right?!
Rui: Starting from the third measure, your rhythm fell apart again. I've been telling you since the first day, but you're not fixing it.
Toko: Ugh...
Rui: And in the second half, you rushed and your chord fingering got sloppy. The sound is muddy and unbearable to listen to.
Toko: Seriously, that's way too harsh~... It definitely got better than before!
Rui: If you don't like it, you don't have to do it.
Toko: Huh?! I didn't say that!
Toko: Wait a sec! Let me practice a bit! I'm totally gonna make you eat your words~!
Rui: ...
Rui: ...You're always like this.
Toko: ? What?
Rui: When you barged into the chairwoman's office about the Tsukinomori Music Festival, and during that sudden fashion show too...
Rui: Once you decide you want to do something, you act without thinking about whether you can or can't...
Rui: It's the same now. Do you really think you'll be able to play that phrase?
Toko: ? Well, obviously I can! I mean, I'm a genius!
Rui: ...As always, I can't understand your thinking. Right now, the chances of you being able to play it by the show are low.
Rui: Don't you think your efforts might be wasted?
Toko: Huh~? I've never even thought about that!
Toko: I mean, if I can do it, it'll definitely be fun and super cool, right?
Toko: So not doing it because I'm thinking it might be wasted~. doesn't that make no sense?
Rui: ...I still can't understand you.
Toko: Besides, it's not gonna be wasted!
Toko: Like I said before, I'm a genius, right? Even if there are bumps along the way, I think I'll be able to do it in the end~
Rui: Being able to believe in yourself that much is quite something.
Toko: Plus, I wanna see your face when you're blown away by my playing!
Rui: I see.
Toko: ...Alright! This should work! So, listen one more time!
(Black cut)
Rui: ...
Toko: How's that?!
Rui: You got distracted by the rhythm and the tempo wavered.
Toko: Seriously~~! There's too much to think about~~!
Toko: Ah?! Wait, it's already been an hour!
Toko: Rui, extension! Just a little more extension! I'm begging you for life!
Rui: ...Just thirty minutes then.
Toko: Oh! Thanks! Rui, you're getting easier to talk to~.
Rui: ...That's not what this is about.
Rui: I just thought it would be worth spending additional time right now.
Toko: Oh? So you're taking back what you said and there's a possibility? Like I might be able to do it today?
Rui: Now that I've extended the time, I don't intend to waste it. Start practicing already.
Toko: Yes ma'am~. Alright then, Yashio-sensei!
