event305-01 Opening: Toward the Goal

Morfonica steadily moves forward toward their joint show with Popipa...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence – Atelier]

Tsukushi: Yeah...! That felt pretty good just now!
Mashiro: Yeah...! Everyone's sound layered together... It felt like a single thread...!
Toko: Right?! Now that our next show's been decided, I'm seriously fired up!
Rui: That said, our playing is still rough. We need to be more conscious of each individual note.
Nanami: That's true. Something to work on next time.
Mashiro: Um... Can we play that song one more time? Before I forget how it felt just now.
Tsukushi: Sure. But isn't it unusual for you to ask for another go, Mashiro-chan?
Toko: Ahaha! Shiro, you're totally brimming with motivation, huh?
Mashiro: Ehehe... I actually am. How should I put it... I feel like this show will be the first step for the new Morfonica...
Mashiro: If we can show off Morfonica's new brilliance at this concert, I feel like we'll get closer to that joint show with Poppin’Party.
Nanami: Ooh... That's important. I need to get more fired up too~.
Mashiro: ...Plus, we only found this live house because Tsukushi-chan and the others did research for us, and it's our first time performing at this venue... So...
Tsukushi: So?
Mashiro: I-in a place like that... I keep thinking about how people would find us embarrassing if we put on a bad show...!
Toko: Ahaha, I was thinking Shiro was so cool, but worrying about stuff like that is so you~.
Rui: You don't need to worry that much. If we keep practicing like this, I think we'll be able to finish the show without any problems.
Nanami: But if Shiro-chan wants to do it, shall we go one more time?
Toko: Sure! Let's do it!
Tsukushi: Yeah. That new brilliance of Morfonica that Mashiro-chan's talking about... We want to see it too!
Mashiro: Thank you...!
Rui: If Kurata-san thinks it's necessary, I have no objections. Let's run through it from the top one more time.
(Black cut)

[After Practice]

Tsukushi: Alright then, the song order's finalized. Should we talk about the MC next time?
Rui: Yes. I think we have a well-balanced set list, including the song styles.
Toko: Mm~~~~~~...
Tsukushi: Huh, what's wrong, Toko-chan?
Toko: Y'know... Don't we need more... impact?!
Nanami: Impact, you say~?
Toko: This is our first show at that live house, so obviously we wanna stand out with a bang, right?
Toko: Like, show them that Morfonica's the best! ...Something like that!
Mashiro: I-I see...?
Nanami: I kinda get what Toko-chan's saying~. If they think we're an amazing band, it'll help us going forward.
Tsukushi: True... There'll probably be people seeing us for the first time, and it'd be great if we could also make an impression on the staff too.
Tsukushi: So, Toko-chan. What specifically did you have in mind for impact?
Toko: Well~... I don't know yet!
Toko: But we totally need it, impact! Something that'll make them unable to forget about Morfonica!
Mashiro: Well, I guess it'd be better to have it than not...?
Rui: However, you don't have a concrete idea, do you? In that case, it would be more realistic to improve the precision of our playing.
Toko: No, I just haven't thought of anything yet! It's definitely better to have it!
Toko: I'll come up with something by our next practice! Look forward to it!
Tsukushi: W-well then... we're counting on you...?
Mashiro: I-I wonder if she'll be okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kirigaya Residence – Toko’s Room]

Toko: Mm~~~...
Toko: Oh, this concert video's cool. Ah, this band too...
Toko: Sigh. Can't really think of anything~.
Toko: Guess I'll watch a few more videos... ...Hm?
Toko: Whoa, isn't this guitarist amazing? Huh, they're so good... incredible... whoa...
Toko: ...Ah, the video ended.
Toko: That was insane... I couldn't stop watching the guitarist... Like, seriously, their presence, or should I say they had this aura you couldn't look away from...
Toko: ...! That's it~~!!
Toko: I gotta talk to everyone about this tomorrow!
