event305-02 Chapter 1: When in Doubt, Try It!

Saying that she wanted impact, Toko proposes an idea at the next practice...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Next Day]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Rui: It's impossible.
Toko: Whaaaat?!
Mashiro: But seriously, this guitarist's playing is amazing. I totally get what you mean about them having an aura...
Nanami: Their movements aren't that flashy, but they have such a presence~. They're just so good that you can't look away.
Tsukushi: If you could play difficult phrases like this with such confidence, it would definitely have impact.
Toko: Right?! We could show them that Morfonica's guitarist is an insane genius! Totally has an aura! That's what I'm thinking!
Rui: Did you not hear me? It's impossible for you right now.
Toko: No, no, no! Why?!
Rui: This guitarist's aura and presence aren't things just anyone can display.
Rui: It's something that comes through only because of years of accumulated experience and advanced technique.
Rui: If you just tried to imitate them now, any phrase would end up being a poor copy for now.
Toko: ...Well, well! If you're gonna say all that, just watch for a sec.
Tsukushi: Toko-chan?
Toko: I practiced a little bit. So! First, listen!
(Black cut)
Toko: ...How's that!
Rui: ...
Mashiro: Um... It's cool, but it's a little different from the person in the video... I think...
Nanami: Hmm... Personally, if we're gonna incorporate it, I feel like we should lower the difficulty a bit more~.
Tsukushi: Honestly... I think Rui-san's right. It'd be hard for you to bring out that level of presence right now, Toko-chan.
Toko: Huh?!
Toko: Well~... I guess? It does feel like something's missing?
Tsukushi: If we're gonna incorporate playing like that person into our show, there's a lot we'd have to think about, and a lot we'd have to do.
Nanami: Right. We'd need to adjust the sheet music, drill just that part, practice the other songs...
Nanami: ...Considering our schedule before the show, maybe it doesn't have to be for this concert~.
Rui: Indeed. You're free to make it a goal, but I think you should give up on it for this time.
Mashiro: ...But if it's something Toko-chan wants to try, I want to support her.
Toko: Shiro!
Nanami: Well, it's true... If she could actually pull it off, there's no doubt it would be super cool.
Tsukushi: Yeah... Hmm... I wonder what would be best...
Toko: No, Fusuke! You don't need to worry about it that much!
Tsukushi: Huh? But...
Toko: I just need to be able to do it by our next show, right? Easy peasy!
Toko: ...So, Rui!
Rui: What is it?
Toko: If I can do that thing from earlier! Put it in our next song!
Rui: ...
Rui: Do it first, then talk.
Tsukushi: Huh...?
Toko: You said it?! Alright, I'm fired up!
Mashiro: Wow...! Do your best, Toko-chan!
Nanami: I'll help out if there's anything I can do too~.
Toko: Thanks! Well, just sit back and wait like you're on a mud ship!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, it's steady ship, not mud ship...
Rui: (Kirigaya-san... Same as always. I feel like I can already see how this will turn out.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kirigaya Residence - Toko's Room]

Toko: ...Alright! I think it's gotten way better?!
Toko: Oh, a message from Sayo-san.
Toko: She already watched the practice video I sent earlier~! I wonder what advice she gave me~.
Toko: Let's see, about improving my playing... Wait, this is super long?! The scrolling isn't ending?!
Toko: Ah! Another one came!
Toko: Seriously~, this much... I sent the video I thought I played best...
Toko: Sigh, honestly, it'd be best if Sayo-san could watch me directly~.
Toko: Kaoru-san is more on the performance side, and asking O-Tae-san would be a bit off considering the joint show with Popipa...
Toko: Which means, after all...
Toko: ...Ugh.
Toko: Yeah... Well... I guess so. That's the only way... isn't it~...
