event151-03 Chapter 2: Black Image

Realizing she forgot about her homework, LAYER and MASKING stop practice and head to a café...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Tsugumi Hazawa, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[Galaxy - Studio]

MASKING (Masuki): Damn, Rei... You've already got the song for our backup gig down perfectly.
LAYER (Rei): It's far from perfect. I can manage to not make any mistakes when I'm playing with you, that's all.
LAYER (Rei): I still need to fully internalize it so that I can play consistently even when there's the music from the other band members during the concert.
MASKING (Masuki): I get what you're sayin', but how the heck did you manage to even get to where you are now? You been sleepin' at all?
LAYER (Rei): Don't worry, I'm just practicing a bit more than I usually do. It might not even be enough given how many days we've got until the concert.
LAYER (Rei): Today's Tuesday, so we've got... Ah!
MASKING (Masuki): What?! Somethin' wrong?
LAYER (Rei): I forgot I have homework due tomorrow, and I'm not even close to being done... Great...
MASKING (Masuki): That's it...? You had me worried for nothin'.
LAYER (Rei): Sigh... I have to go home and work on it... I hope I'll be able to finish it today.
MASKING (Masuki): You wanna work on it now? I'd say we're at a pretty good place to stop practicin'.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, but... you're letting me use Galaxy. I'd feel bad.
MASKING (Masuki): Don't worry about it. I play the drums here all the time when nobody else is usin' the place.
MASKING (Masuki): Let's go. I know a nice, relaxin' café nearby.
LAYER (Rei): Ah! Wait for me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

LAYER (Rei): Oh, so Tsugumi-chan's place is what you meant by a nice café.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh, you know about this place?
LAYER (Rei): Mm-hmm. Hana-chan told me about it before...
Tsugumi: Welcome to Hazawa Coffee~... LAYER-chan and Masuki-chan...? Fancy seeing you two here.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. Hope you don't mind.
Tae: Ah, Rei. And Massu too.
Rimi: H-hello.
LAYER (Rei): Hana-chan, Rimi-chan?!
MASKING (Masuki): Speak of the devil. You guys mind if we join you?
Tae: Go right ahead.
LAYER (Rei): Thanks.
Tae: I'm surprised to see you here, Rei. Oh, are you power spot hunting?
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, not exactly. I came here to do some homework.
MASKING (Masuki): Uh... what's this about power spots?
LAYER (Rei): It's nothing, don't worry about it.
Tsugumi: Please let me know once you've decided what you would like to order... Ah, by the way, I saw your new music video the other day.
Tae: So did we. We all watched it together. You guys did a great job again.
Rimi: You really did. It was so amazing~.
MASKING (Masuki): Haha, thanks.
Tsugumi: You all really were~. I especially loved your slapping during the chorus, LAYER-chan! It was so aggressive!
Rimi: I so know what you mean~! Just listening to it made my heart race. There was this adult sophistication...
LAYER (Rei): Um, sophistication? I'm not exactly the sophisticated type...
Rimi: Really? I think you'd look very good reading an English newspaper out on a café terrace!
Tsugumi: Ohhh, I can see that. A black coffee in one hand, a newspaper in the other!
Rimi: Exactly! I'm sure you would look so good doing it~!
LAYER (Rei): U-uh, you guys are making me feel embarrassed...
MASKING (Masuki): Anyway, what are you gettin', Rei? I'm goin' with the seasonal tart and some tea.
LAYER (Rei): Hm, I think I-
Rimi: Are you getting black coffee?
LAYER (Rei): ... Yes, I believe I will. Could I please have a black coffee...?
Tae: Are you sure, Rei? You don't like bitter things.
Rimi: Oh, really?!
Tae: Mm-hmm. We had pancakes together at a café, and I think she ordered... warm milk. You always did like your warm milk.
Tae: As for the pancakes, we ordered ones covered with whipped cream. Rei couldn't decide between the chocolate sauce and the caramel, so we ended up getting both and sharing...
Tsugumi: Hm, I didn't expect that.
LAYER (Rei): H-Hana-chan, maybe we could talk about something else...?
MASKING (Masuki): What are you gettin' all embarrassed for? So what if you like your stuff sweet. Anyhow, you're gettin' side-tracked.
LAYER (Rei): O-oh, yeah... Sorry. I'm not in the mood for warm milk, so... I'll have a café au lait.
MASKING (Masuki): I believe that's all we'll be orderin'.
Tsugumi: Very well, thank you for your order... A-and I'm sorry, LAYER-chan.
LAYER (Rei): Hm?
Rimi: I-I'm sorry too...! I got a little carried away talking about my image of what I thought you would be like...
Tsugumi: It must have made it difficult for you to order what you wanted.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, it's alright. I'm used to it. I've been getting remarks like that a lot lately.
Rimi: B-but still...
LAYER (Rei): Really, don't worry about it. Thank you both.
MASKING (Masuki): Sorry to interrupt, but don't you think we should get started?
LAYER (Rei): Oh. Homework. Yeah...
MASKING (Masuki): Can't believe you forgot.
LAYER (Rei): Sorry, let's get started then.
