event151-01 Opening: Fan Mail

After helping another band, LAYER participates in a photoshoot with the rest of RAS. What does LAYER look like through the lens of a camera...?

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[LAYER's Room]

LAYER (Rei): Rail pass and wallet, check... Towel, check.
LAYER (Rei): Math assignment... I probably won't have time even if I bring it with me.
LAYER (Rei): Hm? A message... Masuki's already at the station?!
LAYER (Rei): She can be strangely overeager about some things... Let's see... I have my keys... I've got my score for the new song...
LAYER (Rei): Good... Time to get going.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): Is everyone ready for the meeting about the magazine interview...? Wait, where are LAYER and MASKING?
PAREO (Reona): They apparently just arrived downstairs, so they should be here shortly.
CHU² (Chiyu): Ah, that meeting with the band they're going to be helping out for the first time must have taken longer than expected.
LOCK (Rokka): It looks that way. Those two are so incredible. Did you know the concert they'll be in will be at a venue that can fit about 20,000 people?
CHU² (Chiyu): Given their abilities, it's no surprise. If you ask me, keeping LAYER and MASKING as backup performers is a waste of their talents.
MASKING (Masuki): Sorry, things took longer than expected!
LAYER (Rei): I'm sorry, I'll get ready immediately...
CHU² (Chiyu): It's okay. There's still time before the photoshoot for the magazine.
LOCK (Rokka): How did the meeting with the other band go?
LAYER (Rei): Normal, I guess.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, pretty normal.
LOCK (Rokka): Could you maybe give some more details~? I've never been a backup performer before.
LAYER (Rei): We all introduced ourselves and played together a bit. They said they'll have some new scores for us to learn when we meet again.
CHU² (Chiyu): Ah, this actually works out. While you two are catching your breath, there's something I want all of you to see. PAREO!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, Master♪ Everyone, please review the handouts that I am about to distribute~.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? What's this supposed to be?
LAYER (Rei): "Your concert at dub was amazing!" Is this... fan mail?
CHU² (Chiyu): Indeed. I chose and printed out some comments that were sent to our website.
CHU² (Chiyu): Look over them so that you know how you appear to your fans. It should help with the upcoming photoshoot.
LOCK (Rokka): Okay!
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, LOCK. Take a look at this. "I love your powerful music and performances, MASKING-san!" They've clearly got good taste.
LOCK (Rokka): Mine says... "You look so cute at first glance, but the way you play the guitar is so cool!"
LAYER (Rei): Fufufu. I can see that. There is something thrilling about the way you play.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-there is? I'm so flattered...!
PAREO (Reona): For you, LAYER-san, there is a very passionate message~.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, really...? Ah, is this the one? It's so long.
LAYER (Rei): "I saw RAS perform live the other day, LAYER-san. You're always so cool, and I was so happy to see that day was no exception either."
LAYER (Rei): "The way you emceed between songs was so subdued, yet also intense. And then you unleashed all that intensity when you told us to go wild. My blood gets pumping every time I hear you say it."
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, there's still more.
LAYER (Rei): Yes, there is. I'm so lucky there's someone who's willing to offer me so much support.
LOCK (Rokka): Let's see what the rest says... Ohhh! "After the show, I happened to see RAS walking around town."
MASKING (Masuki): "Even there, you looked so cool and amazing..." Huh~. Wonder which concert they're talkin' about?
LAYER (Rei): "I wanted to go up to you and share my thoughts about the concert, but I decided to email you instead because you seemed somewhat hard to approach."
LAYER (Rei): ... Do I look that intimidating?
LOCK (Rokka): Not at all! I think you smile even more when you're not on stage.
CHU² (Chiyu): It just means the image of your stage persona is that strong. It's also a reflection of how your fans want you to be.
LAYER (Rei): ...!
PAREO (Reona): Ah! CHU²-sama, we should begin the meeting now, or else I am afraid we will have insufficient time for everyone's makeup.
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh, I hadn't noticed the time. Okay, let me explain the schedule. First...
LAYER (Rei): (How my fans want me to be...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Photo Studio]

Photo Crew Member: LAYER-san, could we get one more pose?
LAYER (Rei): Okay.
Photo Crew Member: You look a bit too gentle, so could you try looking towards the camera more coldly?
LAYER (Rei): O-okay. Um, coldly... Like this?
Photo Crew Member: Nice, very nice~. For the next one, could you give me that cool, aggressive look that you have during your performances?
LAYER (Rei): (Now that I think about it... what kind of face do I always make...?)
(Black cut)
Photo Crew Member: Thank you. CHU²-san, could you please get up in front of the camera now!
CHU² (Chiyu): Alright.
LAYER (Rei): Phew... Thank goodness it's over and everything went okay...
LOCK (Rokka): You looked so incredible, LAYER-san~!
PAREO (Reona): I, too, was reminded of how you look during our concerts. You gave me goosebumps♪
LAYER (Rei): ...
MASKING (Masuki): Somethin' the matter, Rei?
LAYER (Rei): Ah, sort of. I was just wondering if people see me as someone who's a lot cooler than I actually am...
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? What are you goin' on about? You're not makin' any sense.
