event31-02 Chapter 1: The Place We Descend Upon

The first place for the first-time players.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

(White cut)
(Background change)

[Departure Village]

Lisa: Ooo~, so this is an online game, huh~...?
Lisa: Ah! Over here~! Yukina~! Sayo~!
Yukina & Sayo: ...
Lisa: Hm? What's wrong, you two?
Lisa: Ah, okay. Let's see~. Try typing something. You can send messages using the in-game chat.
Sayo: Oh, so that's how it works.
Lisa: Got it, Yukina? Can you send messages?
Yukina: うｈｍｍｍ
Lisa: Hm? What are you doing?
Yukina: whyいsン：tいtEnglish?
Lisa: What...? Ah~, hold on. I'm coming over.
Sayo: ... Is everything okay?
Yukina: Ah.
Sayo: Minato-san?
Yukina: I can talk now.
Lisa: We're A-OK☆ Awesome!
Sayo: By the way... Where are Udagawa-san and Shirokane-san...?
RinRin (Rinko): Ah, Ako-chan! There they are!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): You're right! Hey~!
Sayo: Udagawa-san... Your name...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Fufufu~, woeful wings arise from the depths of darkness. Uhm... She who overcomes the very laws of existence. The sacred but fallen angel makes her descent! Boom!! It's Princess Ako!!
Lisa: Wow~, that's so cool, Ako☆
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I know, right?!
Yukina: Anyway... Where are we, and what do we have to do?
RinRin (Rinko): Oh, yeah. Okay, I will explain (｀･ω･´)ゞ This is Departure Village,  the starting point for Neo Fantasy Online. It's a small town. However...
RinRin (Rinko): New players always pass through it, so it holds many memories and is a vital part of the game. It's located on the far east part of this continent, Territory of Fleig, so it's also referred to as the Borderland ('ω'*)
RinRin (Rinko): The center of Fleig is always a war zone, so you're more likely to run into dangerous areas as you get closer to it. At the same time, that means this is the most secure, or rather, peaceful place in the game.
RinRin (Rinko): Even if you leave the town, the monsters aren't very strong. And the quests, which are in-game jobs you can accept, will be simple and safe, so whether someone plays video games or not isn't that important.
RinRin (Rinko): This wonderful town is thought to have been created to give those very players a chance to enjoy the world of NFO ( ‘ω’ ) Actually, the village leader, Dankein-san, used to be a really well-known hero.
RinRin (Rinko): But while he was busy battling monsters, fights started breaking out amongst humans across the continent. He got dragged into it and the injury he received took him off the battlefield for good (＝ω＝.)
RinRin (Rinko): Despite that, he has sent tens of thousands of travelers, just like us, on journeys, with the hope that if he supports them, this world can become peaceful and free of monsters. We're going to his home now...
RinRin (Rinko): And we'll get a letter from Jake-san, who's working under him, so we can head to Rogolo Mine, which is not too far west from here, and deliver it to Linda-san. As I mentioned, the area nearby is safe, but...
RinRin (Rinko): Inside the mine, there are some monsters that could be trouble, and we don't know what they might try, so let's just progress carefully and do our best (oゝд・o)ﾉ
Yukina, Sayo & Lisa: ...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Rin-rin is a wizard on the keyboard! She types super fast!
RinRin (Rinko): Th-that's not true (*ﾉﾉ)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Hm? What's wrong, guys?
Sayo: Nothing... It's just that Shirokane-san pretty much never talks this much...
Lisa: Y-yeah... It caught me by surprise too.
RinRin (Rinko): H-huh? (ﾟﾛﾟ；)
Lisa: Ah, that's totally fine though. You can talk some more if you'd like♪
Yukina: ... But I still have no idea what we're supposed to do.
Lisa: Uhhh, we're gonna go to the something-something Mine and deliver a letter to Linda-san, I think.
RinRin (Rinko): Let's get that letter from Jake-san so we can head to Rogolo Mine and meet up with her ヽ(*゜∀゜*)ノ
Sayo: A-alright... I suppose we should go find Jake-san, correct?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yeah~!
Lisa: Wait, hold on... What's that sound?
RinRin (Rinko): Is that... the song skill?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): ... Yukina-san? Why are you using your skill?
Yukina: How should I know? I pressed a button, and it just decided to do that on its own.
Lisa: Geez~, what are you even doing? C'mon, let's go~.
Yukina: How do I move forward on this thing?
Demon Princess Ako & RinRin: ...
