event31-03 Chapter 2: Quest Accepted!

The girls head west after accepting a quest from a villager, Jake.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Departure Village]

Jake: Travelers... Thanks for coming. I actually have a huge favor to ask of you. Could you go to the mine and deliver this letter to Linda?
Lisa: Interesting~, so this is Jake-san?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): That's right!
RinRin (Rinko): He's been sending thousands and thousands of letters to Linda-san from here.
Yukina: What's the point of sending so many letters?
RinRin (Rinko): He has no choice since there needs to be one for every traveler ( ‘ω’ )
Sayo: How do we get this letter?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Try pressing the "Accept Quest" button.
Sayo: Bring Letter to Linda... This one, right?
Jake: You'll bring it?! Thank you so much! If you leave the town and head west, you should find Linda in the mine. I really appreciate your help...
Lisa: And now we're ready to go☆
Sayo: You know, though... "Leave the town and head west"... That's pretty vague. Let's ask him for more details regarding the location.
Jake: You'll bring it?! Thank you so much! If you leave the town and head west, you should find Linda in the mine. I really appreciate your help...
Sayo: ...?
Jake: If you leave the town and head west, you should find Linda in the mine. I really appreciate your help...
Sayo: ... Why does he keep saying the same thing?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): That's what happens when you talk to NPCs.
Yukina: NPC...?
RinRin (Rinko): Those are characters that are in the game but aren't controlled by players.
Sayo: ...? I don't understand what you're saying to me. All I know is that that is one strange man...
Lisa: Well, why don't we forget about that and head to the mine?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Path Between The Rice Fields]

Yukina: How far do we have to walk to get to the mine from here?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Not far at all! It's the first dungeon, so it's really close!
Lisa: Hm? Hey, that grass is flickering.
RinRin (Rinko): This is an herb.
Lisa: You mean it can be made into medicine?
RinRin (Rinko): Yeah. You just go like this, and...
Lisa: Wow!
RinRin (Rinko): Done. Now we have a potion (`･ω･´)
Lisa: Whoa~! That's amazing~☆
RinRin (Rinko): Hikawa-san, I will give this to you since you're the tank. Use it when you're low on HP.
Sayo: Uhm... What's HP?
RinRin (Rinko): It's how much life you have left. If you get attacked by a monster, it'll decrease, so... (￣ω￣;)
Sayo: I see... You sure have to remember a lot of things to play video games...
Lisa: Hey, so am I able to make potions like that too?
RinRin (Rinko): If it's the easiest type, then yes. Would you like to try?
Lisa: Mhm, I'd love to!
RinRin (Rinko): Okay, I'll give you this herb... Then all you have to do is press the "Mix" button.
Lisa: Interesting. That's simple enough... Go!
Lisa: Ooo~, I did it~☆
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Congratulations, Lisa-nee~!
Lisa: Thanks, Ako! Alrighty then...!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Huh?! L-Lisa-nee... You're making too many...
Lisa: What~? Isn't it better to have a bunch? Look, potions for everyone~!
RinRin (Rinko): Th-thank you. My item slots are full of them now (；ﾞﾟ'ωﾟ')
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): A-ahaha...
Yukina: So we'll be going to a place where we'll need these then, right?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): The monsters in the mine are weak, but every now and then, the ceiling breaks apart. Isn't that right, Rin-rin?
RinRin (Rinko): Yeah... Rocks come falling down sometimes.
Lisa: Th-the mine is that dangerous?
Sayo: Jake-san is a very cruel man, leaving Linda-san alone in a place like that.
RinRin (Rinko): Ah, but you can also find the Luminous Lepus there, Ako-chan.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Wait, really?!
Yukina: Luminous Lepus?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I've been looking forever for that monster! It's so rare! If you defeat it, it drops an item that's really hard to get, but... I haven't had any luck finding it...
Lisa: Oh, okay! Then maybe we should look for that too! C'mon♪
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yeah!
