event186-03 Chapter 2: A Day from Another Perspective

During the search for a talisman, things seem different as Michelle...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Michelle (Misaki): According to the notes she gave us, she went shopping before heading through an alley and going to the park...
Hagumi: Oh, she bought croquettes from my place! I wonder if Dad remembers her. Let me go ask real quick!
Hagumi: He did! He said she still had the talisman attached to her purse when she took it out.
Kanon: Then she must have dropped it after that. It says here she sat on a bench in the park to eat the croquettes she bought.
Hagumi: Oh yeah, Dad also said to wish you all good luck and even gave me croquettes for all of us!
Kaoru: Ah, what a kind-hearted soul...! We simply must find this talisman. For the sake of his generosity, as well.
Hagumi: Yeah! Hey Michelle, which kind do you want?
Michelle (Misaki): Uh, what? Hmm, I think I'll have a beef one.
Hagumi: Wow! You like beef croquettes? That's Mii-kun's favorite kind, too!
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, really~...? I had no idea. What a coincidence~...
Michelle (Misaki): (Shoot, I wasn't thinking there. I have to remember I'm Michelle right now...)
Michelle (Misaki): (Well, as long as I act normal, there's no way these three should find out.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Michelle (Misaki): So she came here with the croquettes, right?
Hagumi: Hmm... We've walked the same path she said she took, but I haven't seen anything~.
Kaoru: There are still places we have yet to explore. So long as we do not give up, finding our whimsical little kitten-like talisman shall only be a matter of time.
Michelle (Misaki): A ”little kitten-like" talisman...?
Hagumi: Hey, why don't we all sit on the same bench the old lady did and have our croquettes there?! Copying what she did might also let us find the talisman!
Kanon: Good idea. Not eating the croquettes while they're still warm would be such a shame too.
Michelle (Misaki): (Great. I just realized I can't eat in my current state...)
Michelle (Misaki): I-I'll save mine for later~. I'm not feeling that hungry~.
Hagumi: Oh, okay~... But our croquettes are good even when they're cold, so don't worry!
Michelle (Misaki): Noted. I'll make sure to dig in later~.
Michelle (Misaki): (... Sorry, Hagumi. I actually am hungry, but there's just no way I can eat now.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kokoro: Finally... This is the last stop the old lady made before she went home yesterday!
Michelle (Misaki): I never thought we'd end up here. What was it? Something about her grandchild and a first concert?
Kaoru: In other words, all paths lead to CiRCLE... It is, but that.
Hagumi: If she dropped it here, Marina-san might know something!
Marina: ... Oh, hey guys. You aren't scheduled for anything here today, are you?
Kaoru: Ah, excellent timing. You see, Marina-san, the whims of fate have brought us here...
Kanon: We met an elderly woman downtown who was looking for something she lost. A small talisman, she said...
Marina: A talisman...? Oh, hold on just a second.
Marina: Are you talking about this?
Michelle (Misaki): A handmade talisman with a broken string...!
Hagumi: This has to be it! So it was here!
Marina: We found it on the floor of the standing area while we were cleaning up after yesterday's concert. We figured it had to be important, so we kept it at reception.
Kokoro: Good job, Marina! With this, I know we can bring a smile to that old lady's face!
Marina: I bet. Then do you think I could ask you to take this back to-
???: Meooow.
Michelle (Misaki): Hm?
Kanon: That sound just now...
Marina: Eeek! Something jumped this way...
Marina: Wh-what? The talisman's gone!
Hagumi: Ah! Look, that cat's got it in its mouth!
Kaoru: I see we have quite a naughty little kitten on our hands.
Michelle (Misaki): That’s obviously an adult cat, no matter how you look at it~... Wait, there's no time for this. We have to get the talisman back!
Kanon: Yeah! Kitty-cat~! Please give it back~!
Kokoro: After it, everyone!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Wait, kitty-cat~!
Cat: Meow~.
Kanon: Ahh!
Hagumi: Whoa! Are you okay, Kano-chan-senpai?
Kanon: Yeah... Ahaha, I tripped.
Cat: Meow?
Kanon: Are you worried about me? Thanks, but I'm alright.
Cat: Meooow.
Kanon: Ah.
Hagumi: As soon as you said you were okay, it zipped off again...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Shakespeare once said thus... "If pushing does not work, then pull."
Kaoru: Which is why I shall not chase... but flee.
Michelle (Misaki): What? You're the one who's going to run? Uh, why?
Kaoru: If it catches sight of my flight, it will wish to give chase. Yes... This shall be a battle of wits, person to person...!
Kaoru: Now come, little kitten. Will you not pursue me?
Cat: Meow.
Michelle (Misaki): Well, I can't say I'm surprised... It's completely ignoring you. See? It's just staring at us now.
Kaoru: Indeed... It would seem a battle of wits is too great a challenge for a little kitten...
