event186-04 Chapter 3: A Day of Cat Chasing

A cat runs off with the talisman. Will the girls be able to catch it?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Back Alley]

Cat: Meooow.
Michelle (Misaki): S-stop~...! Pant, pant... Having to run at full speed... in this suit... It's torture...!
Hagumi: Ah! It went that way! Okay, I'm gonna get you!
Cat: Meow~!
Hagumi: I've almost caught up...! If I jump, I can... Hah!
Cat: Meow!
Hagumi: That was so close~! I almost had it!
Cat: Meow~.
Kanon: How are we going to catch something even Hagumi-chan can't...?
Michelle (Misaki): Pant... I can't run at all like this. Not like I could do any better than Hagumi even if I weren't Michelle...
Michelle (Misaki): But...
Kaoru: What is it, Michelle? Might you have a plan?
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, well... I wouldn't go so far as to call it a plan, but...
Michelle (Misaki): That cat keeps running away when we chase it, right? But when Kanon-san tripped, and when you ran from it, it stayed still and just stared at us.
Michelle (Misaki): It doesn't look like it's that scared of us, so I was just thinking... Maybe instead of chasing it so hard, we can wait for it to come to us, you know~...?
Kokoro: That's it! Michelle, you're a genius!
Michelle (Misaki): N-nah, it's not that big a deal~... It's just something I thought of thanks to Kanon-san and Kaoru-san.
Michelle (Misaki): Besides, getting it to come closer to us isn't going to be that simple, either.
Hagumi: You don't have to worry about that! We're Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: We bring smiles to everyone! There's no way the cat won't wanna join us!
Kokoro: Right! Come on, everybody! Let's come up with a plan to get it to come this way!
(Black cut)
Kanon & Michelle: ...
Kanon: It looks like it's resting. Maybe it's tired after all that running? The talisman's still in its mouth, though...
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah... But I bet it'll book it as soon as we try getting close again.
Michelle (Misaki): Trying to lure it is probably the right move here.
Hagumi: Michelle, Kano-chan-senpai~! I brought some potatoes we use for croquettes!
Hagumi: I remember one of our customers telling us before that cats love potatoes.
Hagumi: Ah, and I made sure to only bring the unseasoned mashed ones!
Michelle (Misaki): Thanks, Hagumi-chan. If we're going to go with a lure, then we definitely want some bait.
Michelle (Misaki): Kanon-san, we'll need those stick skills you got from all that drumming to get the cat to jump at the cat teaser!
Kanon: Okay, I'll try...!
Kokoro: Michelle! What should we do?
Kaoru: No matter how difficult your request may be, we shall fleetingly rise to the task...!
Michelle (Misaki): Kokoro-chan and Kaoru-san, you can... go and play with Hagumi-chan! Try to make it look like you're having lots of fun so that the cat gets curious!
Kokoro: Got it! Let's play, Kaoru! Hagumi!
Kaoru: Certainly!
Hagumi: We'll go all out!
Cat: Meow?
Kanon: Here, kitty, kitty~. See? It's a teaser and some food~. Look how much fun we're having too~.
Kokoro: Come play with us!
Cat: Meow~...
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun! It looks like it's interested!
Kaoru: Yes, but now is not the moment to strike. We have been given the important task of playing, so play we shall...!
Cat: Meow, meow.
Michelle (Misaki): (It's started playing with the teaser! Thanks to Kokoro and the others, it looks like it's let down its guard, too. Just a little more... A little more...!)
Kokoro: ... Now!
Michelle (Misaki): Everyone, surround it!
Cat: Meow?!
Hagumi: Ah! It's running towards you, Michelle!
Michelle (Misaki): (If this were the usual me, there's no way I'd be able to catch a cat that Hagumi couldn't.)
Michelle (Misaki): (But I'm Michelle now... and that means I've got surface area on my side!)
Kanon: Michelle's using her body to prevent it from escaping!
Kaoru: It is unsure what to do. Kokoro, this is our chance...!
Cat: Meooow?!
Kokoro: I got it!!
Hagumi: Yay~!
Kaoru: A fleeting victory, thanks to impeccable teamwork.
Michelle (Misaki): Sorry about scaring you. We really need that talisman, though.
Cat: Meow...
Michelle (Misaki): Thanks. Here, have some potatoes in return.
Kanon: Fufu, looks like it's really enjoying them.
Hagumi: That was incredible, though, Michelle! We got the talisman back, thanks to you!
Michelle (Misaki): It wasn't just me, everyone pitched in~.
Kaoru: Fufu, such fleeting humility... Truth be told, the skills you just displayed remind me very much of Misaki.
Hagumi: Oh, I thought that too! It was like, Michelle was acting sort of like Mii-kun just now.
Michelle (Misaki): Y-you think~? I don't know about that~...
Kokoro: Oh, I know. You and Misaki are friends, but you've never really seen her when we're all together. That's probably why you don't know what she's like when she's with us.
Michelle (Misaki): Uh...
Kokoro: So I have a great idea! Let's all tell Michelle about Misaki!
Michelle (Misaki): Whaaat?!
