event186-06 Chapter 5: A Day When School Feels New

The suit can be removed. Misaki is heading home when Kokoro comes after her.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Hagumi: Today was so much fun, Michelle! Let's play again sometime!
Kaoru: Indeed. Surely we must spend more fleeting time together again.
Michelle (Misaki): Mm-hmm, I feel the same way~. Take care on your way home, you two~.
Hagumi: Okay! Bye~!
Kanon: Hey, Misaki-chan. Should we have the suits fix Michelle for you after this?
Michelle (Misaki): Oh. Sorry I didn't tell you, but I can actually get out anytime I want now, so I'll just head home like this.
Kanon: Wait, then why...? ... Never mind, I understand.
Kanon: Alright, I guess this is goodbye then. See you, Michelle.
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah. See you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Michelle (Misaki): Phew~, I'm seriously beat...
Michelle (Misaki): (Even though today was a pretty typical day overall, being in Michelle sure changed things quite a bit.)
???: Michelle!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh?
Michelle (Misaki): K-Kokoro-chan? What's up? Wait, what's with the outfit...?
Kokoro: I remembered there was a place I wanted to take you to! So I came running after you. Come on, let's go!
Michelle (Misaki): What? Now? Seriously~...?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: We're here! It's our school, Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy!
Michelle (Misaki): The place you wanted to show me is... your school?
Kokoro: Yeah! You don't know what we do here every day, right?
Kokoro: So I thought I could show you around! Now let's hurry up and go inside!
Michelle (Misaki): (Go inside? Am I even going to be allowed inside like this...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Michelle (Misaki): ... I'm inside.
Michelle (Misaki): (The suits must have gotten permission for me, I bet... Thanks as always.)
Kokoro: Over here, Michelle! I'll be your guide!
Michelle (Misaki): S-sure~.
Schoolgirl: Uh, what's going on? Kokoro Tsurumaki and... a-a bear?!
Schoolgirl: Ah, that's Michelle from Hello, Happy World! I wonder why she's here, though.
Michelle (Misaki): (Yeah, I'd be surprised too, if I ran across a bear at school.)
Michelle (Misaki): Hi there~, I'm Michelle~.
Schoolgirl: H-hi~... She's acting like it's totally normal... I think it means she's got business here...
Michelle (Misaki): (Good, looks like I played that off pretty well. I can't believe I just waved like that, though... I've sure become pretty gutsy.)
Michelle (Misaki): (There's also the fact I'm in Michelle right now, I suppose.)
Kokoro: What's wrong, Michelle?
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, it's nothing. Coming, Kokoro-chan~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: This is the courtyard! We like to eat lunch here when the weather's nice.
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, really~?
Michelle (Misaki): (Yup, it's the courtyard, alright. Nothing new here.)
Michelle (Misaki): (And, of course, there isn't. Why would ther-)
Kokoro: Fufu. You know, one time, when I was eating with Misaki here, I accidentally dropped my chopsticks.
Kokoro: So she let me borrow her fork... Hehe. It was this really cute little fork that looked like a toy.
Michelle (Misaki): ... Did... something like that really happen?
Kokoro: You bet! When I told her it was like one, she smiled and agreed!
Kokoro: Oh yeah, and there was also this time when Kanon told me about this really interesting book, and I was reading it where I'd left off. Right under that tree over there during lunch...
Kokoro: And there was this other time when it suddenly started raining when we were sitting on the bench, and...
Michelle (Misaki): ...
Michelle (Misaki): You sure remember a lot.
Kokoro: Of course, I do! They're all my precious memories with Misaki!
Kokoro: No, not just with Misaki. With Hagumi, with Kanon, and with Kaoru too...
Kokoro: Whether they're about what happens at school or outside school, I'll never forget them because they're all wonderful memories that make me smile just by thinking about them.
Kokoro: Each one is my special treasure. That's what Misaki and everyone else showed me.
Michelle (Misaki): ... I see.
Kokoro: That includes you as well, of course! So let's make lots more memories together!
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah, sure. I'd like that too.
Kokoro: Oh, I know! There's one more place I want to show you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Michelle (Misaki): A first year classroom?
Kokoro: Yup! This is the classroom Misaki and I shared when we were first years!
Kokoro: This was my seat, and this was Misaki's. Fufu, it wasn't that long ago that we came here every day, but it sort of feels like it's been a while.
Michelle (Misaki): ... Yeah. Yeah, I bet.
Kokoro: Lots and lots happened here. Like...
Kokoro: ...
Michelle (Misaki): Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: ... Oh yeah!
Kokoro: Come on, Michelle! There's another place I want to go to!
Michelle (Misaki): Wh-whaaat~? There's more~?
