event186-02 Chapter 1: A Day When It Won’t Come Off

Misaki decides to be Michelle all day. When Kokoro and the others find out...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Kokoro: Hmm-hm-hmm~♪
Kokoro: Well then, what should we do now?! Is there anywhere you want to go, Michelle?
Michelle (Misaki): Uh~... Not at the moment, no~.
Kokoro: Oh? Just let me know if you do think of a place you want to visit!
Michelle (Misaki): Sure, will do~... You're in a good mood today, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Of course I am! You always have to go as soon as our concerts end, right?
Kokoro: But today, we all get to spend the whole day together! There's nothing that could make me happier than that!
Michelle (Misaki): I-I see~...
Michelle (Misaki): (It doesn't feel any different from usual to me, but I guess everyone else would see it that way.)
Hagumi: Hey, what about checking out the museum?! We can show Michelle the fossil we all found! The one that got put on display there!
Kaoru: Ah, then we must make sure to visit Castle Vollmond. I am certain the fleeting tales spun there shall be more magnificent than ever with Michelle present.
Kokoro: Okay, then let's do both!
Michelle (Misaki): Both? I'm not sure we can do that in one day~...
Kokoro: Why not? We can go around super fast in a helicopter. Are you bad with heights, Michelle?
Michelle (Misaki): No, that's not quite what I meant~...
Michelle (Misaki): (Hmm... I can't disagree too strongly as Michelle...)
Hagumi: I know! Then what if...
Kaoru: How intriguing. Perhaps we could even...
Kokoro: Those are great ideas, you two! Oh, then how about...
Michelle (Misaki): Sigh... Looks like they're pretty fired up today.
Kanon: Fufu. I think I understand how they feel, though.
Michelle (Misaki): Oh?
Kanon: They're happy Michelle is here. It's just like Kokoro-chan said. She normally disappears as soon as our shows are over.
Michelle (Misaki): Well... Yeah. I guess you're right.
Kokoro: ... Alright! We're doing a Smile Patrol downtown today!
Kaoru: Ah... Michelle's presence brings with her a fleeting new wind...
Hagumi: That'll bring smiles to everyone, right?!
(Black cut)
Kid: Oh, it's Michelle! Heeey~!
Michelle (Misaki): Hi, hi~. Those are the kids we played dodgeball with this morning.
Kid: Michelle~! Let's play dodgeball again soon~!
Michelle (Misaki): Okey-dokey~! But I'm not going to lose next time~!
Michelle (Misaki): (... Although I don't see myself doing anything besides losing 'cause of the suit.)
Kokoro: Fufu, I knew it! You're super popular here!
Michelle (Misaki): Well, I have been the downtown mascot for a while~.
Kanon: Yeah, Michelle's incredible... Hm?
Michelle (Misaki): What's wrong, Kanon-san?
Kanon: I wonder if everything's okay with the elderly woman over there...
Hagumi: You're right. She's walking in circles around the same spot. Maybe she's looking for something. Let's go talk to her!
Kaoru: In that case, please allow me.
Kaoru: Good day, Madame. Are you in need of aid?
Lady: Oh, how kind of you to ask... You see, I've dropped something.
Kokoro: Dropped something? What've you dropped?
Lady: A precious little talisman my grandchild made for me. The string on it seems to have snapped...
Lady: I noticed after getting home yesterday, so I've been retracing my steps, hoping I might find it.
Kanon: Oh... Searching for something small like that sounds really difficult...
Michelle (Misaki): Quite. Especially on your own. It'd be easy to miss...
Lady: I certainly haven't had any luck... And I walked around so much yesterday, I'm all tuckered out...
Kokoro: I see... Hey, everyone. Why don't we look for her talisman for her?
Hagumi: I'm in! The Smile Patrol's job is to protect everyone's smiles, after all!
Kaoru: Truer words have never been spoken. We have a duty to retrieve the smile that this fine madame in distress has lost.
Lady: Are you sure...?
Michelle (Misaki): Of course. Besides, we should have a better chance of finding that talisman for you since there are five of us.
Kanon: We'll definitely find it for you, ma'am! So please, wait here and rest.
Lady: Oh, thank you...!
Kokoro: Okay then! Could you start by telling us where you went yesterday?
