event186-05 Chapter 4: A Day of Endless Blushing

The girls capture the cat in large part thanks to Michelle...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Okay, time for an emergency Hello, Happy World! meeting! Everyone knows what the agenda is, right?
Hagumi: Yup! We're going to tell Michelle what Mii-kun's like when she's doing Hello, Happy World! stuff!
Kaoru: The fleeting figure she cuts... Oh, the tales we shall share with you.
Michelle (Misaki): A-ahaha... Thanks~...
Michelle (Misaki): (Even though I probably know me better than anyone else...)
(Black cut)
Hagumi: So then, when we went to the museum, Mii-kun already knew so much stuff...
Kaoru: Ah, I remember after discussing a certain matter with her, she told me to leave it all in her hands...
Michelle (Misaki): Y-you don't say~? It really doesn't sound like what she did was all that big a deal, though~...
Michelle (Misaki): (Even if I already know what they're actually talking about, it's still pretty embarrassing to have it told back to me...)
Michelle (Misaki): (From the sounds of it, Hagumi and Kaoru-san somehow have a massively exaggerated image of me in their heads, too...)
Kokoro: Everyone's made lots of fun memories together with Misaki. So many that I don't think we could even fit them all into one day's worth of talking.
Kanon: ... True. There've been lots of fun times, but not just that...
Michelle (Misaki): Huh? K-Kanon-san...?
Kanon: ... When we were helping out with a Halloween event before, and I said I wanted to handle things on my own, Misaki-chan supported me.
Kanon: She believed I could do it... and encouraged me.
Hagumi: There was this time I found a dinosaur egg, but it turned out it wasn't actually real... Mii-kun was the one who noticed and told me the truth.
Hagumi: She was thinking about me, and that's why she told me. It made me really happy.
Kaoru: Misaki and I once performed together... At the time, she chose not to follow the script I had prepared.
Kaoru: But she did it for my sake and for everyone's sake. It was then that I was reminded once again of how strong a woman... how fleeting Misaki truly is.
Hagumi: What? Kaoru-kun, you did a play with Mii-kun? What kind of play? I wanna see it too!
Kaoru: Fufu, that is a secret for Misaki and I.
Michelle (Misaki): You guys...
Kanon: Michelle. Everyone here really loves Misaki-chan, you know.
Kanon: Because she's always watching over us... Because she cares about us.
Kanon: Do you see?
Michelle (Misaki): U-um... R-right, I think I get the picture~.
Michelle (Misaki): (No fair, Kanon-san. You know I can't say anything back right now...)
Michelle (Misaki): (My face feels so hot, and I can't tell if it's because I'm happy or embarrassed...)
Kokoro: I have lots of fun memories with Misaki too! I'll tell you all about them!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh?! Th-there's more?! Uh, uhhh...
Michelle (Misaki): (No, no, no, that's enough! At this rate, my face'll get so hot, it'll explode~!)
Michelle (Misaki): Sorry, I need to step out for a second~! There's something I have to take care of! Kokoro-chan, you can tell me all about it once I come back!
Hagumi: Ah! Michelle!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Michelle (Misaki): ... Sigh. I can't see it, but I just know my face is bright red right now. I still feel flushed too...
Michelle (Misaki): I guess I'll just wait here until I calm down.
Michelle (Misaki): (Those guys... Just because I'm not there as Misaki, they feel like they can say whatever...)
Michelle (Misaki): (Nah, now that I think about it, me being there as me probably wouldn't change things anyway...)
Michelle (Misaki): Shoot, just thinking about it all is making me blush again. Forget everything, forget everything, Misaki~.
Michelle (Misaki): (... Man. It's all because I can't take Michelle off that I ended up in this situation, but it's also thanks to Michelle that no one saw my face.)
Michelle (Misaki): (I don't know whether to be thankful or not...)
Michelle (Misaki): (Gotta say though, after wearing Michelle this long, I feel like I'm going to start forgetting I'm even in the suit...)
Michelle (Misaki): ... Huh?
Misaki: ... I'm out.
Misaki: (W-wait. From when? Was it when I was chasing that cat? Did the zipper get loose then?)
Misaki: (W-well, in any case, things can finally go back to norma-)
Misaki: ...
Misaki: (If I go back now as Misaki and say Michelle went home, Kokoro and the others are going to be really disappointed...)
Misaki: (And before running off, I did tell Kokoro I'd listen to what she has to say once I'm back...)
Misaki: ...
Misaki: Well, it's just for today, I suppose.
Michelle (Misaki): Alrighty, then. Guess I'll head on back~.
