event55-04 Chapter 3: Detour

Kanon and Chisato end up on the express train. What will they do after traveling three stations...?

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Three Stations Away]

Kanon: So, we went three stations instead of two...
Chisato: Seems as though the trains were off-schedule. I thought for certain that was the one we needed to take, but we actually wanted the following train...
Kanon: I should've checked more carefully. Sorry, I know how difficult the train system can be for you...
Chisato: No, I'm also to blame. I knew the train was coming and panicked.
Chisato: Don't worry. We'll be fine if we just backtrack a bit. The train will arrive soon enough.
Kanon: That's true. Let's see, the next one is-
Announcer: Attention, all passengers. Due to a malfunction, operation of this line has been temporarily suspended. We apologize for any inconvenience this...
Kanon: That announcement is for our line, isn't it...?
Chisato: Yes. It would appear that our train isn't moving...
Kanon & Chisato: ...
Kanon: I-I know! Why not just walk the rest of the way?
Chisato: You mean walk from here all the way to the next station?
Kanon: Walking the distance of one station shouldn't be too bad. I think we can manage it...
Chisato: ... True. We don't even know when the train will resume operation. I think your idea is the best option. Let's do it.
Kanon: Okay, follow me to the exit, Chisato-chan. Over here.
Chisato: Wait, Kanon! That gate is for transfers only!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Chisato: If we continue on past this park, the café should be just a bit farther.
Kanon: Isn't it kind of crowded around here? I think they might be holding some sort of event.
Chisato: I see a sign over there. Uhm...
Kanon: It's an event for handicrafts. Check out how many shops there are.
Chisato: There are quite a lot. But we're supposed to be heading toward the café. There's no time for detours...
Kanon: Yeah... Y-you're right...
Kanon: ...
Chisato: ... Alright, let's take a quick peek.
Kanon: Is that okay?
Chisato: Yes. It must be fate that brought us here, after all.
Kanon: Thank you, Chisato-chan!
Kanon: Come have a look at this hat! I think it would look good on you!
Chisato: And that light-blue dress would suit you perfectly, Kanon.
Kanon: Hehe, you think so? Every store has so many cute things for sale.
Chisato: Some of these designs are very intricate... The fact that they're all handmade is praiseworthy.
Chisato: Oh my, this dress...
Kanon: Did you find something you like?
Chisato: Not for myself. I think Aya-chan would be fond of this, actually. She is into this kind of thing.
Chisato: And Hina-chan would be all over that white bag... She has one just like it.
Kanon: Now that you mention it, Aya-chan often sports outfits like these.
Chisato: Eve-chan would probably gush over all the Japanese-style accessories from that shop over there.
Chisato: ... Oh? These sunglasses...
Kanon: What've you got there?
Chisato: Maya-chan isn't typically the adventurous type, but I think a bit of "cool" fashion would be up her alley.
Chisato: So, a pair of sunglasses like these are... Ah...!
Chisato: I apologize. I've just been rambling on about my bandmates...
Kanon: No, I completely understand. When I go shopping, I'm always reminded of my group, as well.
Kanon: Being with them helps you understand what they like, so your thoughts just sort of drift in that direction.
Chisato: Y-yes, they do, don't they...?
Chisato: (I... feel like I've been thinking about my bandmates more and more as time goes on...)
Kanon: Chisato-chan, did you see this?! Isn't this ring just adorable?!
Chisato: Toy rings... They come in a large variety of colors... When I was young, I very much enjoyed these...
Kanon: Say, why don't we get a matching pair while we're here?
Chisato: I'd like that. A lovely gift to remember our time spent here.
Chisato: If I were to pick one for you, Kanon... I'd go with that light blue one. What do you think?
Kanon: Wow! I was just thinking about how cute that one is! And for you, Chisato-chan, why not get this warm yellow color?
Chisato: Oh my, you picked one that had caught my attention.
Chisato: Being with others helps you understand what they like. Fufu, you were exactly right.
Kanon: Hehehe, I guess I was. Excuse me, we'd like these, please~.
Kanon: ... Oh, hey! Maybe I should get some souvenirs for the other Hello, Happy World! members.
Kanon: Would you like to get some for everyone in Pastel＊Palettes?
Chisato: That's an excellent idea, considering we're already buying something. Let's walk around a little more and see what we can find.
