event55-01 Opening: Two Stations Away

Kanon hears about a new café two stations away and decides to invite Chisato.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Chisato Shirasagi)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Misaki: ... Ah, there she is. Kanon-san!
Kanon: Huh? Misaki-chan?
Misaki: This handkerchief is yours, isn't it? I think you may have forgotten to take it with you after yesterday's practice session.
Kanon: There it is...! I thought I lost it. Thank you, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: It has a jellyfish pattern on it, so I figured it was yours. Say, that's not a design you see often.
Kanon: Yeah, it's actually from a café at the aquarium. They had a lot of other designs, like penguins and dolphins.
Misaki: That many, huh...?!
Kanon: Their menu is also filled with fun and creative food! Lots of different dishes themed around sea creatures~.
Kanon: Thinking about it just makes me want to go again...
Misaki: Well, you do like going to cafés, after all.
Misaki: ... Speaking of which, did you hear about the new one that opened up recently?
Misaki: Word is that they make three-dimensional latte art. It seems to be really popular.
Kanon: 3D? What do you mean...?
Misaki: Uhm, how to explain... Normally, cafés will draw pictures for you on the surface of the drink, right?
Misaki: With the 3D ones, they make the image rise up out of the cup, sort of like a pop-up book.
Kanon: So, it sticks straight out from the cup or something? I wonder how they manage to do that...
Misaki: They supposedly use milk that's been frothed, which adds tiny bubbles. The consistency of the foam can be manipulated to make shapes, so they can change it how they see fit.
Kanon: That's really neat... It's crazy what they can do with a simple cup of latte...
Kanon: Think they could make one in the shape of a jellyfish rising up out of the cup?
Misaki: I'll admit that I've never seen it before, but... I imagine it's possible if you were to ask for it.
Kanon: That would be so nice...! Hey, Misaki-chan. Where exactly is this café?
Misaki: Uhm, two stations from here.
Kanon: A whole two stops... That's a bit far... Getting there would be difficult...
Misaki: Not really. Two stops by train takes no time at all, you know.
Kanon: It's not about the distance... Misaki-chan, you do remember that I have no sense of direction, right?
Kanon: Going to a place I've never been before is a surefire way of getting completely lost. I have no confidence in my ability to actually get there...
Misaki: Yes, I'm aware of your tendency to end up in the middle of nowhere, even when you're with someone.
Misaki: Yeah, letting you go alone might be a bad idea...
Kanon: I really do want to try out that café, though...
Chisato: Oh my, it's Misaki-chan. What brings you over to our class?
Misaki: Hey. I just came to discuss something with Kanon-san.
Kanon: Did you hear, Chisato-chan? A new café opened up, and they can make 3D latte art by... uhm, how do they do it again...?
Misaki: Milk foam. We were just talking about how they make three-dimensional art by request.
Chisato: Oh, so you say. I've seen pictures of them in magazines before, but I've never actually ordered one for myself.
Kanon: I'd love to go check it out, but I know I'll get lost if I go alone...
Kanon: Ah, I know! Would you like to go together, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Huh...?
Kanon: Going alone is just asking for trouble, so how about it...?
Chisato: Sure, I wouldn't mind. My weekend happens to be open.
Kanon: Yay! Thanks, Chisato-chan!
Kanon: Oh, by the way, it's two stations from here...
Chisato: Two whole stations away... We're going quite far, then...
Misaki: No, Shirasagi-senpai! Not you, too?!
Kanon: I remember now...! Chisato-chan, you're not so good with trains, are you?
Misaki: Really? I had no idea.
Chisato: I haven't used trains all that much, so... I'm not too familiar with them yet.
Misaki: Celebrities do typically get around by car, not trains... That's my image of them, anyway.
Chisato: Let's just say I'm not confident in navigating the railways... And going by car would be...
Chisato: ...
Kanon: ...? Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Not attempting to improve one's weak points is unsightly. And this is a good opportunity to better understand the train lines, so I'll give it a shot.
Chisato: It wouldn't be necessary to change lines if it's just two stations from here, so this is a good beginner's challenge for me.
Kanon: Y-you're right! I need to step it up, too...! Giving up because of the distance is silly!
Kanon: Let's try it, Chisato-chan! I won't let this chance to better my poor sense of direction pass me by!
Misaki: Is hopping on a train to go two stops really something you need to get so fired up about...?
