event55-07 Ending: A Fun Tea Party

After taking a moment to remember how much they cherish their friendship, Kanon and Chisato head to the café they originally planned on going to.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Two Stations Away - Station Entrance]

Kanon: Thinking of the day we met sure takes me back.
Chisato: You made me quite happy then. You were the first kid to interact with me at school in a normal manner.
Chisato: Thank you for becoming my friend, Kanon.
Kanon: Fue?! No need to make such a big deal out of it!
Kanon: I-I should thank you for always being so kind to me.
Kanon: Uhm, by the way, Chisato-chan...
Chisato: Yes?
Kanon: We've been walking for a pretty long while. How much farther is the café?
Chisato: Just a moment. I'll look it up on my phone. It shouldn't be much longer now, though...
Kanon: ... Ah! I think... that might be the place!
Chisato: ...! Yes, it most certainly is the café!
Kanon & Chisato: ...!
Kanon: Phew, we actually made it~, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Yes, at long last... I wasn't sure how it would go, at first...
Kanon: Hehehe, you made your dream come true.
Chisato: Yes. A small dream, but one that I somehow achieved, nevertheless...
Kanon: ...? Hey, is it just me, or is that...
Misaki: Kaoru-san~! Have Kanon-san and Shirasagi-senpai arrived there yet?
Kaoru: No, they have yet to show themselves. I believe they may truly be lost.
Aya: I thought we'd be fine if we just waited near the café... Where could they have gone?
Kaoru: All fault lies with me. I was too preoccupied with... playing with my little kittens at the park and failed to keep an eye on them.
Aya: Hey, d-don't blame yourself, Kaoru-san...!
Misaki: Uh, you don't need to waste your energy making the Casanova feel better, you know.
Kaoru: Ah, to be so useless during such times of desperation is a tragedy...!
Chisato: ... Except that we don't exactly need your help?
Kaoru: Hm...?
Misaki, Kaoru & Aya: Huh?!
Aya: Chisato-chan, Kanon-chan...! When did you get here...?!
Chisato: I believe that's our line.
Kanon: Uhm... What are you all doing here?
Chisato: It would appear as though they were searching for us. Or am I mistaken?
Misaki: W-well, actually...
(Black cut)
Misaki: ... And that's the gist of it.
Chisato: I must say, stalking others does not make for good recreation.
Misaki: I'm sorry. I saw you two at the station, so I was concerned...
Aya: I-I'm sorry, too, Chisato-chan...
Kaoru: Pray understand that I merely wished to lend my strength to you both.
Chisato: And what part of that entails following us the entire way?
Kanon: Ch-Chisato-chan... Everyone is just worried about us...
Chisato: Yes, I'm aware. But there was no reason to worry, was there?
Chisato: In the end, we arrived at our destination, none the worse for wear.
Misaki: Can't argue with that... But didn't you guys have a pretty difficult time getting here?
Misaki: I watched that huge crowd of people practically stampede over you at the station...
Aya: And I saw both of you making a life-or-death sprint for the train platform! You were running so fast that I thought you'd fall flat on your faces~!
Kaoru: The event venue was yet another trial. That plethora of bodies rushing to and fro is certain to be difficult for any unfortunate soul.
Chisato & Kanon: Difficult...?
Kanon: I suppose trying to get on the train was a hassle...
Chisato: Indeed. We somehow boarded the express train with no intention of doing so.
Kanon: Dashing to the train and barely making it by the skin of our teeth was like a crazy action scene from a movie. My heart was pounding.
Chisato: Fufu, it was a bit thrilling, yes.
Chisato: Mistaking our train route was a tad annoying, but I wouldn't say it was an entirely bad experience.
Kanon: That's right! We even bought some cute rings! Oh, Kaoru-san, Misaki-chan! I got you both some souvenirs!
Chisato: Please look forward to yours as well, Aya-chan.
Aya: S-souvenirs...?
Kaoru: Th-thank you. I am most grateful.
Chisato: The sky from the venue grounds was very beautiful. And I clearly remember what you said, Kanon. About the...
Chisato & Kanon: Sky-high aquarium!
Chisato & Kanon: Fufu~. Hehe~.
Misaki: A nice little shindig you two got going here...
Aya: We thought they were in a pickle, but they had fun the entire way here...
Kaoru: Our worries and alarm were rather excessive, in hindsight.
Kanon: No, no. Thanks for being concerned about us.
Kanon: You know, since we're all here, why don't we enjoy a cup of tea together?
Misaki: Are you sure you don't mind us intruding?
Chisato: Please feel free to join us. Unless, of course, you would prefer to continue watching us from the shadows.
Aya: Nnn, we said we're sorry~!
Kaoru: Splendid. Let us make this a joyful time for sharing our experiences. After all, it is clear we all had quite an eventful day.
Kanon: Hehe, our tea party just got all the more exciting, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Why, yes it has. I look forward to it.
