event55-03 Chapter 2: The Third Angel

Misaki and Kaoru watch as Kanon is able to reunite with Chisato. Then, someone calls out to them.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station - Train Platform]

Kanon: Sorry, I couldn't manage to get to you before that huge crowd swept me away...
Chisato: No, I should have paid more attention.
Chisato: At least we didn't miss our train. It should be arriving shortly.
Kanon: That's a relief. Wait... This platform...
Chisato: What's wrong?
Kanon: I think the train we need to take departs from that platform over there...
Chisato: Really? But the color of the mark for the train we need to ride matches the one that was on the information display.
Kanon: Yes, but... that platform has that same mark, too...
Chisato: What?!
Kanon: I think the inbound and outbound lines run on different platforms. The one on the information display goes the opposite way of where we're heading.
Chisato: I-is that how this works? I had no idea...
Chisato: L-let's hurry to that other platform. The train will be here any moment!
Kanon: O-okay!
(Black cut)
Misaki: And there goes Kanon-san, running like her life depends on it...
Kaoru: To think they would mistake their departure platforms... Fufu, Chisato and Kanon are quite talented when it comes to surprises.
Misaki: It's not funny, Kaoru-san. They almost ended up going in the complete opposite direction.
Aya: ... Misaki-chan, Kaoru-san? Is that you?
Misaki: Hm? Aya-senpai?!
Aya: Wow, what a coincidence, running into you two here!
Kaoru: Ah, to be able to meet so many of my little kittens... A day of feline splendor.
Misaki: I don't even know what that's supposed to mean... So, Aya-senpai, what's with the outfit...?
Aya: Hehehe, I'm in disguise~!
Aya: If I'm going to be at a store with a lot of customers, I thought I had better make an attempt to not stand out. I do make TV and magazine appearances, you know...!
Misaki: I see. Without that, you'd probably be recognized as a celebrity.
Kaoru: The fate of a star. Yes, I know the feeling well.
Misaki: A part of me feels like this plan is backfiring, though...
Kaoru: And just where are you planning to stealthily sneak off to?
Aya: Well, I'm on my way to a new café about two stops from here♪
Aya: After catching wind of their supposed 3D latte art, I thought I could snap the perfect photo for social media!
Misaki: Wait, so you're going to the same place as Kanon-san and Shirasagi-senpai...?
Aya: Kanon-chan and Chisato-chan? Uhm, what're you talking about...?
(Black cut)
Kaoru: ... And that is the extent of things.
Aya: W-wow, it makes me feel a bit worried for Kanon-chan. But I really had no idea that Chisato-chan was so bad with trains.
Kaoru: People from all walks of life have secrets of which they do not speak.
Aya: ... Say, would you mind if I joined you two?
Misaki: Huh?
Aya: You're going to that café, too, aren't you?
Aya: We're heading to the same place, and secretly tailing someone like detectives sounds like fun!
Misaki: We don't mind, but you need to understand that going at their pace might mean arriving a lot later than-
Aya: Ah, looks like the train is pulling in♪
Misaki: Wait, don't get on yet. The other two haven't made their way to this platform yet, and-
Kaoru: Misaki, look! Over there... Chisato and Kanon are running full force!
Misaki: What?!
Aya: I've never seen Chisato-chan run so quickly...
Kaoru: It would appear they intend to board this very train. Quickly, let us do the same!
Misaki: W-wha-?! Hold up, I just said that this tr- Wait, I said~! Are you listening~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[On The Train]

Chisato: Hah... hah... We made it... somehow...
Kanon: Mhm... Huff... huff...
Kanon: Never thought we'd have to run that quickly, but now we should be back on track.
Chisato: We even made sure to board the local train.
Chisato: I have always kept my distance from them, but riding trains is really not as much of a trial as I had originally- Huh...?!
Kanon: Wh-what's the problem?
Chisato: That monitor over there... It displays information specifically for this train, right?
Kanon: Yes, it should show what our next stop and final stop will be.
Chisato: Well, it's currently showing that this is the express train...
Kanon: What...? Wh-why is this happening~?
