event55-06 Chapter 5: The Start of a Friendship

Chisato looks back fondly on the day in middle school when she met Kanon.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Chisato: Okay, our next class is in a different room...
Kanon: Just need to pick these up... Oh no, I can't see a thing...
Chisato: I do believe that is Matsubara-san...? From my class... Is she going to be alright carrying that huge stack of papers...?
Kanon: Sure wish I could s-... Wh-whoa, jeez... Ahhh?!
Chisato: H-huh?!
Kanon: I-I can't hol-...! Fue, fueee~!
Chisato: L-look ou- Kyaaah!
Chisato: Oh no, all the print-outs... Uhm, are you okay, Matsubara-san?
Kanon: Fue?! S-s-s-s-sorry! I'm so sorry~!
Chisato: It's okay, Matsubara-san. I'm fine. Just take a deep breath.
Kanon: Please forgive me! I'll give you my fried bread at lunch!
Chisato: F-fried bread?
Kanon: Y-yes! You can have the whole thing! It has a crispy crust that helps to bring out the fluffy interior, so please forgive me...!
Chisato: Alright, let's just calm down first...!
Kanon: It even comes in a tasty roasted-soybean flavor~!
Chisato: Matsubara-san, just wait a s-
Kanon: Fueee, please forgive me~!
(Black cut)
Kanon: Sorry about that. I thought you were an upperclassman...
Chisato: So that's why you panicked like you did. I was rather surprised by the whole ordeal.
Kanon: Uhm, thanks... for helping me carry that stack of papers all this way.
Chisato: Think nothing of it. So, why did you offer me that fried bread?
Kanon: Fue? What are you talking about?
Chisato: You said you'd give me some, didn't you?
Kanon: A-ah, about that...! The fried bread from the cafeteria is just so good that I figured there's no way anybody would stay mad after getting one...
Chisato: H-how interesting... It must be quite delectable.
Kanon: Yeah, they sure are...! Crispy on the outside but fluffy on the inside! They're always great, whether they've come fresh from the oven or they've cooled down!
Chisato: Wow, you've done well at advertising it. I'd like to try some now. How often do you eat it, Matsubara-san?
Kanon: Well, when I can buy them I-... Hm? Wait, how do you know my name?
Chisato: I thought you may not have noticed. It's me, Chisato. We're classmates.
Kanon: ... Oh! I thought I recognized you from somewhere. Sorry, I'm still trying to get used to all the names and faces from the new class...
Chisato: It's no problem at all. Don't worry about it.
Chisato: (It would appear that my identity as Chisato Shirasagi, child actress, has gone unnoticed as well.)
Chisato: (I assumed that everyone knew, but it seems there are still those who don't.)
Kanon: I have an idea. Shirasagi-san, would you like to actually get some of that fried bread with me during lunch today?
Chisato: Huh? With me?
Kanon: Y-yeah, of course. If that's alright, I mean...
Chisato: ... Yes, I'd be delighted.
Kanon: Great! I hope you end up liking them.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Lunch Break]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Chisato: ... These are good.
Chisato: Matsubara-san, your impressions about how the crust compliments the soft interior were on the mark. And it's not the least bit oily.
Kanon: I know, right? I'm so glad you like them. They always fly off the shelves because of how popular they are.
Chisato: Thank you very much for treating me. I will return the favor next time.
Kanon: No way, you don't need to do that~! Helping me with those print-outs from earlier was enough...
Chisato: No, that just won't do. Assisting in carrying a stack of papers is hardly a chore. Please allow me to treat you to tea next time.
Kanon: ... How about this? If there are any cafés that you recommend, please let me know. I love trying out new ones when I have the chance.
Chisato: Really? I'm also partial to having a nice cup of tea at a café.
Kanon: Yay, how nice. Take me with you next ti-... Hm?
Chisato: What's wrong?
Kanon: Everyone keeps glancing over this way, for some reason...
Chisato: Ah, that. They're looking at me.
Kanon: At you? What do you mean?
Chisato: ... I'm actually part of the entertainment industry. Perhaps you've heard of the former child actress, Chisato Shirasagi.
Kanon: Chisato Shirasagi... Child actress... ... You mean, you're... that Chisato-chan?!
Chisato: Holding the status of celebrity makes it hard to be approached by others, it would seem.
Chisato: Crowding up and staring at me from a distance seems to be the norm. I would imagine my presence is mentally straining for them.
Chisato: Just the mere sight of me sharing lunch with another person is enough to cause a stir, I believe.
Kanon: I-I had no idea...
Chisato: (Even Matsubara-san is taken aback...)
Chisato: (I was naive to think I'd make a friend whom I could hold a simple conversation with...)
Kanon: But Chisato-chan, I think everyone maybe just wants to get along with you. Don't you think so?
Chisato: Huh...?
Kanon: Not knowing what to say to someone like you has them nervous, is all. What if you tried approaching them and see what happens...?
Kanon: Ah, th-there I go being nosy, sorry... But that's really cool, you know. Being a child actor. I can respect that you've been working since you were young.
Chisato: ...
Kanon: U-uhm, did I say something silly?
Chisato: No... I'm just... at a loss for words. Normally, people will shy away upon learning about my career...
Kanon: W-well, everybody always says I'm a weirdo... Even if you are a celebrity, Chisato-chan-
Kanon: Ah, sorry! I keep adding "-chan" to your name...
Chisato: No, no. Please do.
Chisato: Would you perhaps permit me to use your first name as well...?
