event55-02 Chapter 1: Fleeting Angels

The day of their outing. Someone sees Kanon and Chisato at the station, and it makes her worry...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Chisato Shirasagi)

[The Weekend]

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: Making sure to get on the local train... Remembering the corresponding colors of each line...
Chisato: So these are the pitfalls to keep an eye out for, huh?
Chisato: Rapid, express, limited express... Which one goes the fastest though...? The railway system is one tough nut to crack...
Kanon: Chisato-chan~! Sorry, did I make you wait long?
Chisato: Not at all. I was just a bit early. Shall we head out, then?
Kanon: Y-yeah. We're finally doing it. Going to such a faraway place has me nervous...
Chisato: Hard to believe it's only two stops from here... Seems like such a long distance when it comes to us.
Chisato: But it'll be alright. I came prepared. I took the time to look up what line to take, as well as the exact location of the café itself.
Kanon: And I checked the map countless times, so today will definitely be the day where I don't get lost...!
Chisato: Well said. Traveling two stations from here should be nothing for us.
Kanon: You said it! Let's do this, Chisato-chan! The ticket gate is this way!
Chisato: ...Huh? Uhm, Kanon?
Kanon: Fue? Something wrong?
Chisato: According to that information display, the ticket gate seems to be in the opposite direction...
Kanon: Fueee~! You're right! S-so sorry! My mistake...!
Chisato: I-it's alright. Let's compose ourselves and try again.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Inside the Station]

Kanon: Look at how many people there are...! I wonder where they're all headed.
Chisato: So the weekends are fairly crowded too. Be sure to stay close together...
Chisato: ...!  A huge pack of people is heading this way. Let's try not to get swept up in the crowd.
Kanon: U-uhm, let's go to the right side... Whoa, this side is just as crazy...! Okay, left side, then... Oh no, they're here, too...!
Kanon: W-wait for me, Chisato-chan...! Chisato-ch-... F-fueee~!
Chisato: Kanon?! Wh-where are you...?!
Kanon: H-here I come... Ahhh, I can't get to you because of all the people~! Fue, fueee~! Oh no, Chisato-chan~!
(Black cut)
Misaki: ... Was that Kanon-san who got whisked away in that stampede? There goes Shirasagi-senpai, trying to help her...
Misaki: I figured those two would be fine if they stuck together, but maybe I was wrong...?
Kaoru: Do my eyes deceive me, or is that not Misaki?
Misaki: Oh, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Fate appears to have converged our paths. Are you headed somewhere?
Misaki: Well, I was planning on going to a handicrafts event... How about you?
Kaoru: I, myself, am drifting about, floating like a petal in a breeze.
Kaoru: Surely some manner of fleeting spectacle should dazzle my eyes if I were to venture out for a stroll under such a bewitching blue sky.
Misaki: Spending your day off like that is so... you...
Kaoru: Earlier, were you not speaking of Kanon doing something or another...? Hm? Isn't that her now? Along with Chisato?
Misaki: Yeah, those two agreed to go to a café together, and...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: So, the two maidens aim to temper their excursion-based fragility. Fufu, such fleetingly beautiful spirits they possess.
Misaki: Seeing Kanon-san get washed away in a tidal wave of pedestrians is a bit worrying.
Misaki: Maybe I should go with them, after all. It seems to be a bit too much for Shirasagi-senpai to handle alone...
Kaoru: Your altruism may prove detrimental. Were we to interfere, it may snuff out their fire to improve themselves.
Misaki: Okay, but letting them get lost in some unknown part of town is much worse...
Kaoru: It is true that Kanon is like a balloon cut loose from its string...
Kaoru: Therefore, I propose a plan. We observe their activity from a safe distance, remaining unnoticed. What say you?
Kaoru: Doing such would prevent any interference by us but would give opportunity to offer assistance, if need be.
Misaki: That does sound like it might work...
Kaoru: Ah, but you mentioned having prior engagements, no?
Misaki: Nah, I'm fine with missing the event. Keeping an eye on those two is more important to me.
Kaoru: Fufu, exquisite are your feelings towards your companions, Misaki...
Kaoru: If we are in agreement, then let us be off, lest we lose sight of our targets. Today, we shall be guardian angels, gallantly watching over those two brave souls.
