event55-05 Chapter 4: Sky Aquarium

Kanon and Chisato are enjoying the homemade knick-knack event when they spot a food truck...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Park - Handicrafts Event]

Misaki: To think they'd end up all the way at the event I was planning to go to... I underestimated those two.
Aya: I see that even Chisato-chan makes mistakes like this. Never thought she'd end up at the wrong station.
Kaoru: To have traveled so far and yet lose track of our charges...
Misaki: Not surprising, considering how many people are here. For now, we need to focus on actually finding them.
Misaki: Kanon-san just finished getting swallowed up by the crowd at the station. I'm worried about her...
Kaoru: Dear, sweet Kanon... My chest clinches in anguish at the thought of any potential unease she may be harboring at the moment.
Kaoru: Somewhere within the maelstrom of human bedlam, she is quivering with fright like a newborn kitten...
Misaki: I think you're exaggerating just a tad...
Aya: We do need to hurry, though! We're already in a mess, having lost sight of them!
Kaoru: Yes, but we must also remain undetected. For today we are guardian angels. Unseen caretakers.
Misaki: I doubt we need to worry about that with all these people... Hm?
Aya: What is it, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: It kind of felt like someone was watching me...
Aya: Now that you mention it, there's been a bit of commotion going on around us, hasn't there...?
Visitor A: Hey, that person over there... Is that...?
Visitor B: It is, it is! It's totally her!
Misaki, Aya & Kaoru: ...?!
Misaki: This is bad. Your cover's blown, Aya-senpai...
Aya: I-it would seem so. Heh... hehe...
Misaki: Wha-... What're you so happy about?
Aya: W-well, people don't really notice me in public that often~.
Misaki: This isn't really the time to be celebrating, in my opinion...
Visitor A: It's Kaoru-sama from Haneoka Girls' Academy...! May I please shake your hand?!
Misaki & Aya: ... Huh?
Kaoru: Fufu, what a conundrum. My dear little kittens are pawing for a handshake from yours truly.
Misaki: So, the real reason for all this excitement is Kaoru-san...?
Kaoru: Despite my utmost effort, this overflowing beauty of mine simply cannot be concealed. Ah, how fleeting...
Misaki: Jeez, she's completely surrounded...
Aya: ...
Misaki: Oh, don't mind her. She sticks out wherever she goes. You shouldn't let it bother y-...
Aya: ...
Misaki: ... Whoa, why are you taking off your sunglasses?!
Aya: Being overlooked like this is just too much~!
(Black cut)
Kanon: It's great that we found such nice souvenirs. I hope Misaki-chan and the others will enjoy them.
Chisato: We were also able to stroll around and enjoy all the shops... It was even more fun than I had expected.
Kanon: Chisato-chan, they're selling soft-serve ice cream over there.
Chisato: Looks like a food truck. There's even a bench nearby. Why don't we treat ourselves to a little break?
(Black cut)
Chisato: ... Mmm, this tea-flavored ice cream is robust.
Kanon: Sitting here on this bench and enjoying a snack makes it feel like we've come for a picnic.
Kanon: ...
Chisato: Kanon? What're you looking at?
Kanon: Ah, sorry. I was just thinking how that cloud kind of looks like a jellyfish.
Kanon: The huge one way over there. Doesn't the round part look like its head? And the fluffy bits at the bottom are its tentacles.
Chisato: I suppose it could be seen that way, now that you mention it...
Kanon: And inside it, there's another one that looks a bit like a whale.
Chisato: The shape does somewhat resemble one. Oh, but it also looks like a dolphin, no?
Kanon: Wow, just like a dolphin leaping through the air. You're right. It's like there's a sky-high aquarium up above us. So cool~.
Chisato: A sky-high aquarium... Fufu, what a funny expression. Are these the kinds of things you normally think about when looking up at the sky?
Kanon: Not always... but I like viewing the clouds in that way.
Chisato: ... Time seems to flow more leisurely in your presence, Kanon.
Chisato: You've changed in some ways since entering Hello, Happy World! And yet, that aspect of you is the same as ever.
Kanon: Me? Changed? ... You think so?
Chisato: Yes, your past self likely would not have volunteered to go on a trip like today's. And your fear of getting lost had more of a grip over you.
Kanon: When you put it that way, maybe I have... If we're going down that road, though, you've also changed, Chisato-chan.
Kanon: The Chisato-chan from before wouldn't have decided to take the train when going out.
Chisato: ... I agree. In the past, I always went with the safer option.
Chisato: However, I've become able to dream.
Kanon: What do you mean...?
Chisato: Well, you may laugh at me for this, but, until recently, I never had a dream to call my own.
Chisato: I only focused on objectives that I could accomplish myself, ignoring anything that I felt was beyond my skill set.
Chisato: But meeting everyone in Pastel＊Palettes has transformed me into a person who does want a goal to pursue.
Chisato: "In spite of the odds, I long to make this a reality..." That's the manner of aspiration that I desire.
Kanon: So, the real reason why you wanted to take the train was...
Chisato: Yes. A seemingly small thing, but still a dream of mine...
Chisato: I still have no clue how to go about aiming for anything too lofty, but I feel as though I'll slowly get there if I start small...
Chisato: What I'm saying is rather strange, isn't it?
Kanon: No, not at all. In fact, I think it's wonderful. I'll support your dream, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Kanon...
Chisato: (And here I was, expecting to be laughed at for my previous lack of vision... But you wouldn't do that.)
Chisato: (No, you've been like this ever since I met you...)
Chisato: Kanon, do you remember the day we met...?
