event02-06 Chapter 5: My Own Answer

The day before the show, Yukina tells her father she wants him to come to the performance. How will he react...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Day Before The Show]

Yukina: Lisa, you're falling behind. Increase your tempo a little.
Lisa: Okay~!
Yukina: Ako, you're the opposite, you're playing too far ahead. Try to maintain a beat that the rest of us can stay in time with.
Ako: Got it!
Yukina: Sayo and Rinko, put more energy into the final chorus. It still lacks something.
Sayo: Understood.
Rinko: O-okay...
Yukina: Let's go over it one more time from the top.
Rinko: (Yukina-san... is amazing... She hasn't stopped singing... since we began rehearsing...)
Ako: (If I don't mix things up, I'm gonna get overwhelmed by Yukina-san. It's my job to support her with my drums...!)
(Black cut)
Lisa: O-okay, everyone~. Tomorrow's the big day, shall we wrap things up for now?
Ako: Wow, it's that time already~? We've been going for about three hours now... I didn't even notice.
Rinko: That's how hard... we've been concentrating...
Ako & Rinko: …
Rinko (Ako): Rin-rin! We still have the studio to ourselves. Wanna practice for just one more hour?
Rinko: Yes... I want to keep going too...
Ako: Okay! We're gonna go just as hard as Yukina-san!
Lisa: H-hey, are you two seriously going to keep practicing~?!
Sayo: I'm going to stay behind as well.
Lisa: What? You too, Sayo?
Yukina: I'm not going anywhere either.
Lisa: And now Yukina as well... Hmph, resting up is a part of practice as well, you know~?
Yukina: What about you, Lisa?
Lisa: Ugh~... I can't just go home when everyone else is staying behind! I guess I'll just have to stay until the very end too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: Our performance is tomorrow.
Yukina: That's right... the last few days flew by so quickly.
Sayo: I think we're performing the song at a satisfactory level now. We should be able to blow new life back into your father's song.
Sayo: And ultimately this has led to an overall improvement of the band's technical prowess. We have you to thank, Minato-san.
Sayo: ... Wait. That's not the only thing I wanted to say...
Yukina: Sayo?
Sayo: The way you have confronted your music. Your single-minded resolve to perform your father's song, and your strength... To be honest, I see you in a new light now.
Yukina: I'm... really not sure I'm deserving of that...
Sayo: I too went through a time when I was troubled by how I felt about my music.
Yukina: Sayo...
Sayo: Let's put on a good performance tomorrow. A performance that raises the bar for us...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minato Residence - Living Room]

Yukina: Father. Could I... have a moment?
Yukina's Dad: What's up, Yukina?
Yukina: My band is performing tomorrow. I want you to come and see us.
Yukina: I think I've found a way to come to terms with things... I'm going to put what I came up with into song tomorrow.
Yukina: So... I'd like you to hear it.
Yukina's Dad: Yukina...
Yukina's Dad: ... Tomorrow it is then. It's been a while since I've heard you sing. I'll be looking forward to it.
Yukina: Thanks. I'll see you at the live house then.
Yukina's Dad: Yukina, just a minute.
Yukina's Dad: You should wear this tomorrow. I always had it on when I played gigs back in the day.
Yukina: This is...
Yukina: (I've seen this before. He always wore this silver accessory when he performed...)
Yukina's Dad: Think of it as a lucky charm. It'll help you nail your show tomorrow.
Yukina: Father... Thank you.
