event02-05 Chapter 4: Yukina's Resolve

Yukina asks the members of Roselia to meet. What will happen once she reveals her true feelings...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Next Day]

Sayo: (Minato-san sent out a text saying that she needs to talk to everyone. I wonder what it's about.)
Sayo: (Something was troubling her yesterday. Could there have been some developments...?)
Sayo: ... There's no point in contemplating it. We'll just have to see what she has to say.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Ako: Hey~, Rin-rin! How was that just now?
Rinko: You were starting to play too quickly ... It might be better... to hold back a little...
Ako: Okay! In that case... maybe a little more like this?
Rinko: Yeah... That sounds better…
Ako: Yay~! Okay, let's try playing it together now!
Rinko: Sure...
Sayo: ... Udagawa-san, and Shirokane-san?
Ako: Oh! Sayo-san! Hi!
Rinko: Hello...
Sayo: You two have been rehearsing?
Ako: Yeah! Our gig isn't far off, so we can't just sit around! And besides...
Ako: I can't stop thinking about that song we heard yesterday!
Lisa: Morning, guys~. I guess we're the last ones.
Ako: Oh, it's Lisa-nee and Yukina-san!
Yukina: I'm sorry for the short notice. There's something I need to tell everyone.
Yukina: It's about that song I played to you yesterday...
Yukina: It was one of my father's songs.
Ako: Whaaat~?!
Rinko: Your... father's...?
Yukina: When I first heard it, I knew I wanted to sing it. However...
Yukina: I wasn't sure if I was worthy of singing it. Or at least, I didn't feel I could proudly say that I was.
Yukina: I wasn't confident that I could do justice to the pure passion towards music that's contained in this song.
Ako: So that's what you meant when you said it was above our level...
Yukina: However, someone made me realize that my feelings of wanting to come to terms with this song are genuine... That they are another form of passion towards music...
Lisa: Yukina...
Sayo: ... So that's what was going on.
Yukina: If... If you'll give me the opportunity, I'd like to sing that song. I want to breathe life back into the music my father passed on.
Yukina: I think that will be my way of coming to terms with it...
Yukina: I know we don't have much time before our gig, and I feel bad asking this based on personal feelings. But...
Sayo: I'm not saying no... I must admit I'm a little surprised, mind you.
Ako: No problem! I'm in!
Rinko: I-I... think we should... play that song...
Lisa: Well, there's your verdict, Yukina.
Yukina: Everyone...
Ako: I'm so happy we get to play that song~! I'm gonna have to work hard!
Sayo: If we are going to perform it, we'll have to give it everything we've got. Otherwise, it will only be disrespectful to Minato-san and her father. We'll increase our rehearsal time and make sure we have it down perfectly in time for our show.
Ako: Of course! I'm super ready to get started! Let's get practicing, Rin-rin!
Rinko: O-okay...
Lisa: That worked out well, Yukina.
Yukina: Yeah... Thank you, everyone.
Lisa: (I'm so glad. I think Yukina is finally taking steps in a positive direction.)
Lisa: (... But I can't let myself feel satisfied just because there's a smile on Yukina's face.)
Lisa: (Our gig is right around the corner, I'm gonna have to give it everything I've got too!)
