event02-04 Chapter 3: Even if I'm Not Ready

Yukina doesn't feel confident enough to play her father's song. What will he have to say about it...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Udagawa Residence - Living Room]

Ako: What does she mean she's not worthy of singing it...? If that's the case, why play that song to us in the first place...?
Ako: Nrgh~, thinking about it isn't helping! I'll try texting Rin-rin!
Ako: "Rin-rin~! Don't you think Yukina-san was acting weird today?"
Rinko: "Yeah. It seemed like she's troubled by that song she played us..."
Ako: "What do you think she meant by not being worthy? She's such a good singer!"
Rinko: "I don't think it's ability that Yukina-san was talking about when she said that."
Ako: "Then what did she mean?"
Rinko: "It's probably about her feelings. That song... must be special to her. So..."
Rinko: "Maybe Yukina-san's resolve needs to be really strong just to even sing it."
Ako: Her resolve...
Ako: "Do you think there's anything we can do to help?"
Rinko: "... I think the only thing we can do is give her space. Let's have faith in her and wait."
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: ... If we interchange the first two songs... And rearrange the transition like this...
Sayo: ... It's no good. No matter what song comes last, there just isn't a good way to approach it.
Sayo: If we could perform that song Minato-san played us...
Sayo: If we don't have the ability to play it, then all we need to do is persevere until we reach that level. It's simple...
Sayo: What is it that Minato-san is so bothered by...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Rinko: I thought it was an amazing song that would go perfectly with your voice, Yukina-san...!
Rinko: I like your voice, Yukina-san...! It's delicate but powerful... And there is a yearning restlessness in it because of your passion for music...
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Yukina: ... I'll try listening to that song... one more time...
Yukina: ... What feelings did my father pour into this song when he was singing it...?
Yukina's Dad: Yukina? Mind if I come in?
Yukina: Father?
Yukina's Dad: I heard a tune from deep down memory lane coming out of your room and just couldn't stay away. That song's from over ten years ago.
Yukina: I was thinking about singing this, but... I...
Yukina's Dad: Then sing it. What's holding you back?
Yukina: The pure passion that I feel from this song... I'm not confident that I can inject that into my voice.
Yukina's Dad: Then just go with that sentiment instead.
Yukina: Huh? But...
Yukina's Dad: Those are your feelings towards this song... and music itself at the moment, right? That's how you should sing it.
Yukina's Dad: It doesn't matter what it is that you feel. Just unleash those feelings.
Yukina: Even if I'm not ready...?
Yukina's Dad: There's no such thing as a song that can't be played. And one more thing...  No matter how worried you may be about your mental readiness or your ability...
Yukina's Dad: I think that feeling itself is pure, and that it's something special.
Yukina: ...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Lisa: Those feelings you're painstakingly trying to come to terms with. I just don't want you to forget the whole reason you feel that way is because your passion towards music is so pure.
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Yukina's Dad: ... I've talked your ears off, huh? I'll leave you to it.
Yukina: ...
Yukina: Hello, Lisa? It's me.
Lisa: "Hey. What's up? Is your dad's song still bothering you?"
Yukina: No, not anymore. ...I just talked to him about it, and he said the exact same thing you did.
Lisa: "Huh...?"
Yukina: That my feelings for music are pure...
Yukina: Thanks, Lisa.
Lisa: "Don't mention it. I'll always have your back, Yukina."
Lisa: "Down the line as well... If you're ever unsure of anything, I'll be there for you. That's what best friends do, right?"
Yukina: ...  I suppose it is.
