event02-01 Opening: An Old Cassette Tape

Yukina is in awe after finding and hearing an old tape of her father's. Will this song be part of their next show...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Lisa: And we're done~! Good practice today, everyone!
Lisa: Especially with that last song. I think that's the best we've ever performed it.
Ako: Right? right?! I was just thinking I played really well~. Don't you think so too, Rin-rin?
Rinko: Y-yeah...  You were really good... Ako-chan...
Ako: Ehehe~ You were so cool on the keyboard too, Rin-rin!
Rinko: Th-thanks...
Lisa: Yeah! I think that was pretty solid all round♪
Lisa: Our next gig is also on the cards, so if we keep this up...
Sayo: It's far too early for anyone to be satisfied with the performance we just put on.  We all still have areas to improve upon.
Yukina: Sayo has a point.
Lisa: Hey, come on you guys~.
Lisa: This is a where we give each other a pat on the back and get pumped for our next gig!
Lisa: ... Isn't it?
Sayo: How many times do I have to tell you? We aren't in this band just to have a good time.
Lisa: I know we aren't, but it's important to be aware that we're making progress!
Ako: Yeah! I mean... I think so too!
Yukina: I see. Now, about our next gig...
Lisa: She completely ignored us...!
Yukina: Considering the amount of time we are being given, I think we'll be able to perform about three songs.  Does anyone have anything they want to play in particular?
Ako: Yeah, over here~! I wanna play a new song!
Sayo: A new song...?
Lisa: Hey, why not? We've been playing the same stuff over and over these days♪
Sayo: You do realize our next performance is only two weeks away? Preparing a new song between now and then is asking the impossible.
Ako: But-but-but, I think if we practice lots and lots we'll be ready in time!
Sayo: Even if we could come up with a new song and then practice it the required amount, we would be cutting it far too close.
Sayo: We can't put on a half-baked performance. You understand this, don't you?
Ako: Ngh... But...!
Rinko: A-Ako-chan... calm down...
Yukina: It's almost time for us to pack up.
Yukina: Putting aside the issue of the new song, I'd like everyone to think up a set list before they come to practice tomorrow. Understood?
Lisa & Ako: Sure~
Rinko: O-okay...
Sayo: Yes.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: ... *sigh* What to do about this set list...?
Yukina: (If we finish up with a song that gets the crowd going, I suppose we'll have to start with this song here... hmm.)
Yukina: (I think I have scores from our previous gigs in my closet... Where did I put them?)
Yukina: They should be around here somewhere...
Yukina: ... Hmm...? Why is there a cassette tape in here...?
Yukina: (This handwriting... Is this my father's tape? I wonder how it ended up in my closet.)
Yukina: (I'd better check what's on it.)
Yukina: This is...!
Yukina: (These intense vocals... and the fire it puts in my heart...!)
Yukina: (And this voice... Is it my father's...? There's so much life in his voice... I can feel his pure passion for music seeping from his voice...!)
Yukina: ... I want to sing this...
Yukina: But...
Yukina: (Am I worthy of singing this yet...?)
