event145-06 Chapter 5: Our Thank-You Part 2

Filled with the desire to create a display the fans will love, Aya and the others continue to decorate their exhibition.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Concert Hall - Lobby]

Hina: Guys, did you all get your signatures written out yet? Eve-chan, you didn't put a handprint on yours, did you? Are we good?
Eve: We are good! I resisted putting my handprint down!
Aya: Okay then, can you all stick them on this board?
Hina: Okay~... There we go! So where are we gonna put it?
Maya: I think somewhere around eye level so the fans can all look at them easily would be good, don't you think?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: Then how about here? A crowd forming in this area wouldn't cause any issues with moving around the hall.
Aya: Good idea! Gosh, looking at it, it already feels like we're finished!
Hina: Hm... I dunno, don't you think it kinda looks bland for us? I'd like it if we could fancy it up just a little bit more~.
Eve: Fufufu, all according to my expectations! I brought these items for us to decorate with just in case! Let us decorate to our heart's content!
Aya: Wow, good thinking, Eve-chan! Hm, then could I use these markers?
Hina: I want some too~! Hey, would it be okay if I drew a picture of my sister here?
Maya: I told you already, this is a Pastel＊Palettes exhibition...!
Hina: Ahaha, I know, I know! I'm just kidding! C'mon, Chisato-chan, Maya-chan, join us!
Chisato: Sure. Shall we, Maya-chan?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Now if I put a ribbon here... All done! Look, everyone! Don't you think the space just screams "Pastel＊Palettes" now?!
Maya: Yeah, it looks really good! I bet the fans are going to love it!
Chisato: Okay, then next are the outfits. All we have to do is dress up these mannequins...
Maya: How about we dress them up here, and then line them up? They're really delicate, so make sure you're careful with them!
Aya: Okay~! Huh? ... This button won't close~!
Hina: Aya-chan, don't rip it off, okay?
Aya: Th-that won't happen, I'll be fine...!
Hina: Hm... But it's still kinda boring just lining them up like this... I'm thinking I want some more boppin' poses♪ Like... this!
Aya: Wow~! Hina-chan, your mannequin looks so happy now! Okay, then I'll just have mine pose like this...♪
Eve: Mine shall do a ninja pose!
Maya: Ahaha... I don't think I've ever seen mannequins this energetic...
Hina: Chisato-chan, you've gotta pose yours, too! Make it look more like, "Flazam!"
Chisato: I have no idea what "flazam" is supposed to mean, but... how is this?
Aya: Chisato-chan, your mannequin looks so cool, just like an actress. Didn't you have a scene in that drama you did before that looked like this?
Chisato: Fufu, I'm glad you remember. By the way, Maya-chan, what is that pose supposed to be?
Maya: It's supposed to look like I'm drumming!
Chisato: That's kind of hard to figure out. What if we had your mannequin hold some drumsticks? Like this...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Wow! It looks very cool! It is as if I am looking at Maya-san during a show!
Maya: R-really...? Chisato-san, thank you so much!
Aya: Yeah! It looks great! I bet anyone who sees these will definitely be able to see how fun Pastel＊Palettes is, as well as what makes each of us different from each other!
Maya: Alright, last is the photo shoot corner... I asked some of the staff, and they brought these cutouts of us over!
Eve: Ah! Look, everyone! Our shadow clones are standing over there!
Hina: Ahaha, shadow clones?! But I can sorta see where you're coming from! They're actually life-sized!
Aya: Th-this is actually pretty heavy...! ... Wh-whoa! ... That was close, I almost tipped it over...
Eve: Aya-san, are you okay?!
Hina: Is Aya-chan Number Two okay?
Aya: N-Number Two...? Are you talking about this cutout?
Hina: Yup. Hey, Aya-chan Number One, I think you should move Number Two over to the left a little bit. About three centimeters!
Aya: Jeez, Hina-chan, don't come up with weird nicknames for me~!
Maya: Aya-san, could you angle it a little bit more diagonally? Ah, yeah! Just like that! That looks really good~!
Eve: Fufu, I hope the fans enjoy this very much!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Me, too! Okay, then we're all done... Right?!
Maya: ... No, not yet. We are Pastel＊Palettes, after all. It wouldn't be us if we didn't include one more thing... Excuse me, we're ready!
Aya, Chisato, Eve & Hina: ...?!
Aya: Huh? Is this...?!
Hina: They're playing our music! Yeah, now the party's really on! I'm super boppin' right now♪
Eve: Maya-san, did you set this up?
Maya: Huhehe. Well, all I did was ask the staff to play some of our music. I figured it just wouldn't be a Pastel＊Palettes corner without it!
Chisato: You took a look at our corner and considered what we needed. Fufu, Maya-chan, it's always reassuring to know that you're here for us.
Maya: Come on, you're going to make me blush... But honestly, it was a lot of fun thinking of what we could do to make the fans happy!
Maya: Imagining their smiling faces got me so excited, the ideas just came to me... Huhehe, it kind of makes me happy, too...
Aya: I totally know what you mean! Whenever I imagine our fans smiling, it fills me with joy♪
Eve: Our fans are always putting smiles on our faces! I am glad to be able to do the same for them!
Hina: I wonder if this is how they feel about us~?
Chisato: Fufu, I'm sure it is. It would be nice if this plan helped us let our fans know how we feel about them.
Maya: I'm sure it will! I mean, we're having this much fun just planning it!
Eve: I cannot wait to see their surprised faces!
Maya: Okay. How about we finish up here with a group photo in front of our finished work?
Aya: Great idea!
Aya: Alright, squeeze in, everyone! Okay, cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
