event145-09 Chapter 8: Smile for You! Part 1

Kokoro and the others are having a meeting, when Hagumi suggests making a introduction corner for the band...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Time for our Hello, Happy World! meeting, everyone! Okay, let's start by giving me your reports! What sort of fun stuff have you all been up to?
Kaoru: Then, if I may. Just the other day, I witnessed a dream in which I saw myself multiply tenfold.
Hagumi: Ten Kaoru-kuns?! That's amazing!
Misaki: Sounds more like an amazing mess...
Kaoru: In my dream, the ten of me proceeded to perform together, each me's performance no less spectacular than another's. The audience's excitement reached a fever pitch.
Kanon: Ahaha... Well, with that many Kaoru-sans around, I can imagine it'd be quite a production...
Kokoro: Fantastic report! I wish I could've seen your dream, too!
Kaoru: Fufu, then the next time I see that dream, I shall see whether I can extend you all invitations.
Hagumi: Yes! I'm looking forward to it!
Misaki: What's really amazing here is that Kaoru-san actually seems to think she can somehow invite us into her dreams...
Kokoro: Okay, then Hagumi, you're next! Please tell me something fun that's happened to you lately!
Hagumi: Well~... Oh! We had a festival downtown the other day! Afterglow even set up a stand for it!
Kanon: Oh, I saw that, too. It wasn't just a stand, they had a little corner where they introduced the band, right?
Hagumi: Right! Man, I bet that would've been so much fun!
Kokoro: That's a great idea! Let's do it too, everyone!
Kanon: Do you mean you want to make an introduction corner for Hello, Happy World!?
Kokoro: Of course! And we'll make it so that anyone that visits our corner will leave with a smile!
Misaki: Hm... Sounds good to me. Then I guess our next project is to make an introduction corner for us, huh?
Kanon: ...?
Misaki: Kanon-san, what's wrong?
Kanon: Oh, it's nothing. I was just thinking, it's pretty rare for you to agree to one of these plans from the start...
Misaki: Ah~, well, to be honest, I kinda got asked to do something similar already. So it would've come up at this meeting one way or another.
Kanon: You were?
Misaki: Yeah, by the owner of Smile Land. I mean, we still occasionally have shows there, right?
Misaki: So it turns out some people are beginning to think we actually work there... The owner's been getting a lot of questions, I guess.
Kanon: Ahaha... Now that I think about it, we don't really introduce ourselves very often...
Misaki: So could we put this introduction corner thing in Smile Land? They said they'd lend us the space in front of that mural to use.
Kaoru: To have already prepared in advance for such a development... You are as reliable as ever, Misaki.
Kokoro: Right?! You're almost like one of the suit people!
Hagumi: I bet we'd get tons of people to come see it if we set up there!
Misaki: Probably. Which means that we've got to think carefully about what sort of corner we want to make this.
Kokoro: That's obvious, though! It'll be a corner that makes everyone smile!
Misaki: Ah, well, sure, but... It's also gotta be, you know, a corner that actually helps people get to know us.
Kaoru: Fufu. Pray tell, Misaki. This corner must be one that introduces us to the masses, which in turn shall lead to countless smiles blooming. Is that what you're trying to convey to us all?
Kanon: I feel like you sort of summed up what Kokoro-chan and Misaki-chan were saying, but...
Misaki: Ahaha... I mean, she's right, though. So could I ask you all to think of stuff you can bring to help others learn more about you?
Kokoro: Of course! I've already come up with an amazing idea, so look forward to it!
Hagumi: Me too! I thought of something as soon as you finished talking, Mii-kun!
Kaoru: I promise you this. I shall bring something that will cause the most dazzling of smiles to sparkle on everyone's faces.
Misaki: Haha... That's not reassuring in the slightest... You three need to tell me exactly what you're bringing later, okay...?
Kanon: Fufu. I'll let you know when I've decided too.
Misaki: Thanks... And Kanon-san... When you decide, think of it like this. The entire project is riding on your choice...
Kanon: Th-that's way too much responsibility~...
Hagumi: Oh! We've got to let Michelle know about this plan as well!
Misaki: Ah, I'll handle that... Oh. That's right, I've got to come up with stuff for both Michelle and me...
Kanon: Ahaha... Misaki-chan, you've really got your hands full...
