event145-05 Chapter 4: Our Thank-You Part 1

Pastel＊Palettes will have an exhibition corner at their next concert, so the girls begin discussing what it will include.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Concert Hall - Lobby]

Aya: Wow~! This hall is pretty big~! So this is where we're going to be having our exhibition corner. It's kind of amazing to think about.
Eve: It is much bigger than how the staff described it!
Maya: Well, it is one of the main attractions for our show this time. Let's make sure our fans can learn lots more about us!
Hina: Yup! I've been seeing all sorts of new people come to our shows lately, after all!
Chisato: This is our chance to appeal to all of our new fans. We can't let it go to waste.
Aya: For sure. And it's not often we get a fun project like this! Right, Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes! I am so excited, I am trembling!
Maya: This is a super important opportunity we've been given, so let's make sure we enjoy it!
Chisato: Fufu. Well, we won't get anywhere if all we do is stand here and chat. Let's get thinking, everyone.
Aya: But what are we going to do, exactly? They said they'd leave the planning to us, but...
Maya: Well, as long as we've got the chance, I think it'd be great if we made this exhibition represent what Pastel＊Palettes is all about! We could show things that are important to us...
Hina: Then I'll put up a picture of my sister! She's super important to me!
Maya: H-Hina-san... This is supposed to be about Pastel＊Palettes... That's a bit...
Aya: Yeah... That might confuse the fans...
Hina: Oh... That sucks, but I gotcha...
Eve: I would like to display my bushido goods collection! I am sure that if the fans saw it, they would all become interested in the spirit of bushido, too!
Chisato: Fufu, as interesting as that sounds, it might be better saved for a different exhibition.
Aya: Hm... Something that's really important to me... Oh, that's it!
Aya: What if we all wrote about all the dreams we have, and stick them here on this wall?
Aya: Dreams are really important to us, after all. Plus, if the visitors learn about them, we might find more people out there who want to support us...!
Eve: Aya-san...! That is a wonderful idea!
Aya: Right? I knew you’d agree, Eve-chan♪
Chisato: Aya-chan, as much as I agree with Eve-chan... That feels like something better off said directly to our fans, don't you think?
Hina: Yeah, yeah! And I bet people might get bored if the only thing here was words!
Aya: O-oh~... Well, I thought it was a good idea...
Aya: But you're right! It would be better to just tell them during our show!
Eve: Aya-san is going to convey her passionate feelings directly to the fans! How admirable!
Maya: Hmmm... So what else is there...? What about putting up our signatures, then?
Aya: Oh, I like that! I bet everyone would love it!
Hina: If we lined them all up on a cool-looking board, I bet it'd look super fancy!
Maya: How about we each write our signatures out in our image color, too?
Eve: Wonderful! Then what if we got big cards, pressed our handprints on them, and then wrote our signatures over that?!
Maya: U-um... That sounds fun and all, but that's more like something sumo wrestlers do~...
Chisato: Indeed... But the cards are a good idea. I'm sure there are fans out there that have never seen our signatures before.
Hina: Hm... I dunno, plain old signature cards just don't really feel that boppin~. We should put other stuff up, too!
Aya: Oh, then how about some of our outfits?
Aya: When I saw Ayumi-san's outfits on display at that Marmalade event before, they really left a big impression on me!
Maya: Good idea~! I bet they'd really liven up the space. And I'm sure there are people out there that'd really appreciate being able to take a closer look at them, too!
Hina: I knew you had it in you, Aya-chan♪
Aya: Ehehe...♪
Maya: Before I became an idol, I'd never worn any outfit like the ones we have now. The first time I did, I remember being so impressed at how meticulously detailed they are!
Eve: Me too! It is very cute how the lace at the bottom of our skirts and the ribbons on our chests match our image colors!
Maya: That goes for our buttons and other small parts too! It's incredible how our outfit designs incorporate Pastel＊Palettes motifs and marks all over!
Aya: It's kind of comforting seeing our colors and marks on our clothes, don't you think? They're like reminders that we're Pastel＊Palettes!
Chisato: Fufu. I'd love it if the fans could have a chance to notice parts of our costumes they normally can't see very well.
Hina: Like the designs on the backs of the outfits!
Eve: I would be happy if people noticed the differences in each of our costumes, too!
Maya: Considering how much they mean to us, I'd like to allow people to take pictures. I know I'd want to if it were me...!
Hina: Pictures? Yeah, totally! That'd be super boppin'♪
Aya: Then why don't we turn the entire thing into a photo corner? That sounds fun!
Eve: Great idea, Aya-san! We definitely must!
Maya: I think there's still more we should consider, but that sounds like a fun thing to try!
Chisato: But I'm sure it's not something we can do without permission. Let's ask the staff later.
Maya: I'm looking forward to this show more and more! I'm so curious how this exhibition is going to turn out...!
Maya: Huhehe...!
