event145-08 Chapter 7: Walking with Blue Roses Part 2

The girls work on their exhibition at the concert venue. What did they bring to show their appeal...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Future World Fes - Event Hall]

Yukina: So this is where our exhibition booth will be.
Lisa: Wow, it's actually pretty big! And there's even a sign that says "Roselia" above it!
Ako: Yeah! The colors are all cool and Roselia-themed too!
Rinko: Oh... There are already people setting up their booths...
Sayo: We should get started as well. There's not much time before rehearsal begins.
Ako: After that, we should take a look at the other bands' exhibitions!
Yukina: I suppose if we have extra time, that might not be a bad idea.
Ako: Yay! Then let's hurry up and get to work! Yukina-san, what did you bring?
Yukina: I suppose I'll start, then.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Is this... our original sheet music for "Song I am."...?
Yukina: Yes. I was debating which song to choose, but considering the theme for our exhibit, this seemed like the most relevant choice.
Rinko: True... This song has a lot of personal meaning and history to us...
Sayo: You can feel the amount of work we put into this from all the notes written on here, too.
Lisa: Aw man, how am I supposed to follow up something like that, Yukina?
Ako: I'm getting kinda nervous, too~...!
Sayo: Udagawa-san and Imai-san, I believe you two mentioned bringing cookies and NFO merchandise, right?
Lisa: Right! But we figured that alone wouldn't really mean much to anyone, so... Ta-dah!
Ako: We made some posters~!
Rinko: Imai-san, they look so cute... "Can't take a break from practice without cookies☆" ... Fufu, that's certainly true...
Lisa: Ahaha, it was honestly kinda embarrassing writing that out myself, though.
Yukina: It is true, Lisa's cookies are essential to our practice time.
Lisa: Aw, thanks☆ Ako's looks pretty cool too, right? She cut it into a dragon shape herself.
Ako: It's supposed to be an ancient dragon, like the one that we beat!
Yukina: NFO gave me an idea for a song, too. That might be worth writing on a poster.
Ako: Wow, definitely! I'll get right on it! Wait, did I bring any markers~?!
Rinko: Fufu, I have some in the pen case in my bag...
Ako: Thanks, Rin-rin~!
Sayo: Next is me then. I think sticking these up over here would be nice.
Lisa: Whoa, look at all those pictures! Wait, are these ones I took?
Sayo: Yes. Your habit of sending us pictures in our group chat helped me out a lot.
Rinko: There's a picture of us all eating cookies...
Ako: Oh, the screenshots I uploaded of NFO are here, too!
Sayo: After hearing you would bring some NFO goods, I took the liberty of printing some of them out.
Lisa: That's our Sayo for you! Now, if we just arrange them like this~...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: So? What do you think?
Ako: Ohhh, it looks good! This area really showcases how we are offstage!
Yukina: That was a great idea, Ako. I would never have thought of it myself.
Ako: Then last is Rin-rin!
Rinko: Y-yes... Yukina-san, um...
Yukina: Our outfits, right? I made sure to bring them all, don't worry.
Rinko: Thank you... Then, what I've brought is...
Lisa: Oh! Your designs for our outfits! Gosh, they're incredible no matter how many times I look at them~.
Rinko: Th-they're not that special...
Ako: What are you saying, Rin-rin?! These are super important key items for us. They make us look extra cool during our concerts!
Sayo: Right. These documents are clear evidence of how Shirokane-san plans our outfits, down to the most minute detail.
Lisa: But if we're gonna have our outfits on display, we might as well make them look cool too, right? I'll ask the staff if they've got any mannequins we can borrow!
Rinko: Ah, then... I'll go, too...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Okay! This should be perfect!
Ako: Just having these outfits here makes the entire booth feel like it's already Roselia's, huh?
Yukina: It does. The entire booth comes off as very flamboyant.
Lisa: Alright, then last up is what we all agreed on, right? With this, the booth will look even more fabulous!
Ako: Oh, you're talking about that, right? Where should we put them?
Yukina: Wherever you like. I don't particularly mind where. Lisa, can you do a final check on how the layout looks?
Lisa: Okay~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: It's... amazing...
Rinko: With this... the booth is finished...
Ako: Yes! It looks so ultra-mega cool~!
Lisa: But, man, I wasn't expecting Yukina to suggest us all getting blue roses to set out~.
Yukina: They're the symbol of the path we've taken and the path we're taking.
Yukina: If this booth is supposed to be about us, then there's no way it could be complete without them.
Ako: Right! This'll definitely show everyone how cool Roselia is!
Yukina: Yes. Which means that all that's left is to introduce ourselves through music as well. We must perform the best music we can give them.
(White cut)
