event145-12 Chapter 11: Remnants of Flight Part 2

After getting permission from the student council, Morfonica begins making a booth for their fellow students...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[A Few Days Later]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Tsukushi: Sorry about the wait, everyone! I've gotten us permission!
Rui: I do not think we will have any issues with borrowing equipment, either.
Toko: Okay! Then let's get this party started!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Entrance]

Mashiro: Can we put the table here?
Nanami: Seems fine to me. I don't think it'd get in anyone's way there~.
Toko: Alright, then let's hurry and line up all the stuff we brought! Starting with you, Shiro!
Mashiro: O-okay!
Nanami: Ohhh, it's your songwriting notebook.
Tsukushi: It looked like you were struggling with deciding on what you wanted to bring, but that's what you settled on, huh?
Mashiro: There were other things I was thinking about, but this felt like the best way to show people what I do...
Toko: This is a different notebook from the last one you brought, right?
Mashiro: This was my first one. The one I used when I was writing the lyrics for "Prelude to Gold"...
Toko: Huh! Lemme see it later!
Mashiro: Th-that'd be kind of embarrassing...
Toko: But you brought it to show people, didn't you?!
Mashiro: Y-yeah, but... it's kind of different when you're showing it to people who are closer to you....
Toko: I'm definitely looking at it, got it?! It's settled!
Mashiro: Ugh... I knew I should have picked something else...
Nanami: Ahaha... Well, I guess it's time for me to reveal what I've brought~.
Tsukushi: Oh, are these from our outfits?
Nanami: Yeah. After I did some research on what all the other bands are doing, it looked like they all had stuff like this on display~.
Mashiro: The case is cute, too. It looks just like one from a craft shop.
Toko: That was my idea! It'd be boring to have them just lying on the table, right? So I had Nanami make this!
Tsukushi: You even made the case too...?
Mashiro: I-I'm amazed, but at the same time, I feel like I'm getting used to being surprised like this...
Toko: Okay, we'll have Shiro's notebook here~, and then Nanami's stuff can go~... here!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Oooh. Just like that, it's already beginning to look like an actual exhibit.
Toko: Except that it's still super boring~... I mean, there's not even anything band-related yet.
Tsukushi: Fufu! Well, I think I'm next! Here!
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan, you brought flyers, right? I bet having these up will really help make this look like a band corner.
Tsukushi: That's not all I brought, Mashiro-chan! Look at the back!
Mashiro: "A Guide to My First Live House"...?
Tsukushi: Right! I think most people at school haven't ever been to one before, so I thought that making these would help!
Nanami: Oh, this is super detailed. You've even written out what to wear and what to bring. It's easy to forget stuff like towels, after all.
Mashiro: With this, I bet they won't have to panic like we did. I still remember how much Tsukushi-chan and I were freaking out.
Tsukushi: I-I think I was pretty calm, you know?
Mashiro: Really...?
Tsukushi: I-in any case! With this, it should be clear to everyone that this is a corner about a band.
Toko: Nope, we're not done yet! Rui! Bring that out!
Rui: That...? Ah, you mean the poster. I assume you want it on the blackboard?
Toko: No, no! We're gonna use that later, so stick it to the side!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Wow, this poster looks really cool. It's even got photos of us playing on it...!
Nanami: They're from our concert at CiRCLE. Shiro-chan, you look pretty cool up there~.
Tsukushi: This is incredible! I never would have thought Rui-san would make something like this...
Rui: Well, I only prepared the pictures and did the lettering. Kirigaya-san handled the design of the poster.
Toko: Yeah, 'cause Rui's poster wasn't cool at all. It looked like just another edition of our school paper.
Rui: It had the necessary information on it. I do not believe we would have had any issues with my version.
Toko: No way, no one'd wanna look at that! You've gotta give it some style, like this!
Nanami: Which means that this poster was a collaborative effort between you two, right~? Good, I'm happy to see you two getting along.
Rui & Toko: That is not true at all. That's not true!
Nanami: Oh~, you say that, but you're perfectly synced~.
Toko: Okay, I'm next! Feast your eyes on this!
Toko: Don't get too surprised, alright~? ... Ta-dah!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: Wow! Are these Morfonica T-shirts?!
Mashiro: Wh-when did you make these...?
Toko: Man, I've been wanting these for a while now~! So I figured I'd just make them myself!
Nanami: I totally get that. Having your own merchandise is really cool~. This might help get people interested in us, too.
Rui: They will also illustrate to other event attendees that the people wearing these shirts came to see us.
Toko: And it'll help get us fired up, too!
Mashiro: ... Huh? But if you brought T-shirts, then what is the blackboard going to be used for?
Tsukushi: That's right. You did say not to put the poster up there, after all.
Toko: I figured that as long as we've got a blackboard, we might as well fancy it up a bit~. Nanami, could you draw this for me?
Nanami: Hm... I think I can~.
Toko: Ah, and remember to put our hashtag next to it!
Nanami: Leave it to me~. I guess I'll start with our band name here then~...
Nanami: I'll write "Band Introduction Corner" here... Then I'll put #MorfonicaLive here. How's that~?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Oh~, it looks just like I pictured it!
Tsukushi: Wow! It's blackboard art!
Mashiro: With this, people will be able to tell what we're doing here even from far away.
Nanami: With this much advertising, I'll bet we're gonna have a bunch of Tsukinomori students at our next show, don't you think~?
Rui: In other words, we are essentially shining a giant spotlight on our next show.
Mashiro: Ugh... When you put it that way, I'm getting kind of nervous...
Tsukushi: You've just got to push through that nervousness, Mashiro-chan! Alright everyone, for our next concert...
Toko: We'll make sure we blow everyone off their feet and leave 'em speechless!
Nanami, Mashiro & Tsukushi: Yeah!
Tsukushi: ... Wait, that was supposed to be my line~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
