event145-07 Chapter 6: Walking with Blue Roses Part 1

Roselia is having a meeting at the restaurant, when Yukina mentions an invitation she accepted...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Restaurant]

Lisa: Good work today, guys~☆ Does everyone already know what they want to order?
Ako: I'm going to get... this giant parfait! Rin-rin, let's eat it together~!
Rinko: O-okay... Then I guess I'll just get a drink...
Yukina: I'll just have a coffee. Will the usual French fries be enough for you, Sayo?
Sayo: I never said I was going to order anything, but yes, that's fine. More importantly, what did you want to talk about, Minato-san?
Ako: Oh yeah! You said you had something important to discuss, right?
Yukina: Yes. The other day, I was told that Roselia has been invited to participate in a joint concert. I thought we could decide whether we'll join in or not today.
Lisa: A joint concert, huh~? I'm in! Who are we playing with, though?
Yukina: Some of the bands that competed in Future World Fes.
Yukina: The staff there is apparently considering a joint concert for rookies, so they reached out to us.
Sayo: I see. Then it seems like this is quite a big deal, isn't it? Would we be performing in the same place as last time?
Yukina: Yes, that's what I've been told.
Ako: Wow~! We haven't had a chance to play in one of those big venues in a while! I'm definitely in!
Rinko: It sounds like fun, doesn't it, Ako-chan...?
Yukina: Actually, I also have one more proposal from the staff...
Lisa: What is it?
Yukina: In order to introduce all the bands who will be performing, they're planning to set up little exhibition corners for us all.
Lisa: An exhibition corner, huh~? I think Hina said that Pastel＊Palettes did something similar the other day.
Ako: Poppin'Party's got one set up at CiRCLE right now! I wrote them a message on their big poster there!
Yukina: I'm sure it shouldn't be too far off from what the two of you are thinking of. They told me that construction of our booth will be handled on-site.
Yukina: They also said they want any bands that wish to be featured to prepare all the items they want displayed.
Lisa: Huh~. Sounds like fun! I think I'd like to give it a shot.
Ako: Me too! This is a great chance to show everyone how cool Roselia is!
Sayo: Indeed. Besides, I believe self-promotion is something we should be actively pursuing from here on.
Rinko: This is... a new challenge for us... I'd like to participate, too...
Yukina: We're all interested, then. I'll make sure to let the staff know.
Sayo: Well, it seems like we should begin thinking about what sort of concept we want for our booth.
Ako: Okay! I want to make it super-duper mega-cool! So we can show off Roselia's coolness with a real bang!
Sayo: Udagawa-san, could you explain that in more detail?
Ako: D-detail...? Uh~... Like, you go "Wow!" when you see it...?
Lisa: Ahaha! Ako, I'm guessing what you're trying to say is, you want our booth to show everyone what's so great about Roselia, right?
Ako: Yeah! That's what I meant! Thanks, Lisa-nee!
Sayo: I see. That is quite important. There will be other bands' exhibits on display too, after all.
Yukina: Sounds like we need to come up with an exhibit that can leave a strong impression on guests in a short time.
Rinko: Not only that... It might be nice... if we could show everyone... the path we have taken to get here, too...
Lisa: Yeah! We've done all sorts of stuff up until now. It'd be a shame to not use that history as material.
Sayo: So from what I'm hearing, it seems that it would be best for us to prepare things that can communicate to others our history as Roselia even at a glance.
Yukina: Right. It sounds like a good chance for us to do some self-reflection too.
Rinko: It's important to think about... what we can take from... what we've experienced so far...
Ako: I was thinking it'd be cool if we could show everyone how we normally practice and stuff. How's that sound?
Lisa: Sounds great to me! We should take this chance to show off what makes Roselia so awesome offstage too!
Rinko: I'm... looking forward to seeing... what everyone brings...
Sayo: Okay. Please report in to our group chat when everyone has decided on their choices. There's still the matter of how we'll lay everything out as well.
Ako: Okay~! Aw man, I wish it'd be the day of this show already~! Let's make this corner super-mega cool!
Yukina: Ako, it's fine to be excited, but just remember that we also have a concert to focus on.
Ako: O-of course I remember! I've been thinking about that too~!
Lisa: Then sounds like we've got a set list to put together! One that'll show everyone how cool Roselia is!
Yukina: Right. Let's make this concert one that will show everyone what we as Roselia are aiming for.
