event145-01 Opening: Expressing Fun! Part 1

Poppin'Party discusses their next show in Arisa's basement. Suddenly, they get a call from Marina...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: So about the show, I was thinking... Wouldn't it be nice if the crowd sang along with us for this song?
Arisa: Yup. We can have the spotlights sweep over the floor to encourage them to join in.
Rimi: Then on the third song, what about spotlights on O-Tae-chan at this part?
Saya: Yeah, I think that's a great idea!
Tae: Should I dance?
Arisa: No! Just do your job!
Kasumi: Everyone! Listen up! This is big news!
Rimi: Oh, Kasumi-chan. Did you finish your phone call with Marina-san?
Arisa: What's the big news? What did Marina-san say?
Kasumi: She asked me if we wanted to try making an introduction corner!
Tae, Rimi, Saya & Arisa: Introduction corner?
Arisa: Hold on, I don't follow at all...
Tae: Kasumi, what do you mean?
Kasumi: She said lots of people have been writing in the CiRCLE guestbook that they want to learn more about the bands and the people in them!
Kasumi: So she was thinking each band could prepare a little self-introduction corner for our next concert!
Saya: I see~. So that's what she called you to ask about.
Kasumi: Yeah! She said that she'd give us a little exhibition space of our own in the lobby! About... this big!
Arisa: So one arm span's width of space, huh...? That's not bad.
Rimi: It'd be nice if more people became interested in Poppin'Party!
Saya: Agreed. Poppin'Party is about having fun. The more people we can get that message across to, the better!
Kasumi: I wanna give this introduction corner a shot! What about you guys?
Rimi & Tae: Yeah!
Saya: If there are people out there that want to know more about us, then I'd like to help them out.
Arisa: Meh, sounds like this might be a chance to get our name out there, too.
Kasumi: Right?! So that's why I told her we'd do it!
Arisa: You answered before even asking us?!
Rimi: Fufu, I guess there's not really a reason to refuse, though.
Tae: So then what are we supposed to show off in this corner?
Kasumi: Stuff that'll make people like Poppin'Party more!
Rimi: Like us more...? Hm...
Tae: Like how Rimi eats like a rabbit, or how Arisa's actually pretty good at looking after people?
Rimi: What~?!
Arisa: You serious...?
Saya: Fufu, I don't think that's a bad idea.
Saya: I mean, people know a lot about what we're like on stage, but that doesn't mean they know much about what we're like normally.
Kasumi: I bet if they learn more about who's in our band, everyone will like Poppin'Party more, too!
Rimi: I think I know what you mean... I feel the same way about bands I like. I want to learn more about the people in them, too.
Saya: Then... How about putting some pictures up? We can use some pictures of us eating together or from when we're practicing.
Kasumi: Great idea, Saya! Pictures would be a great way to show people how we are normally!
Arisa: While we're at it, putting up some stuff that means something to all of us might not be bad, either.
Kasumi: Stuff that means something to us?
Arisa: I mean, stuff like... you know, that... Our matching...
Saya: Our matching what...? ... Do you mean our wristbands...?
Rimi: Oh! I bet they would look really cute all lined up together~!
Kasumi: Nice idea, Arisa! You're right. Those are really important to us!
Arisa: Y-yeah, sure...
Tae: Things that are important to us, huh...? What else is there...? Arisa, how about a bonsai tree?
Arisa: Why?!
Tae: I dunno, makes sense, doesn't it? Bonsai are important to you, right?
Arisa: Yeah, but that's just me, isn't it? It's got nothing to do with Poppin'Party.
Tae: Ah. True, that'd be kinda off the mark...
Rimi: Oh... That makes sense...
Saya: ... ? Rimi-rin, were you planning on using chocolate cornets?
Rimi: Y-yeah. I've always got some of Saya-chan's bread during practice, so I thought that might be nice to have in our introduction corner...
Kasumi: We should definitely include Saya's bakery! It's super important to all of us!
Tae: Yup. We can't live without it.
Arisa: Sounds good to me. It's like a source of energy for us, in a way. There was that whole thing with the Go-Go Bread, too.
Saya: But would just putting some bread in our corner make sense to other people...?
Kasumi: Then... Oh! I've got a great idea!
Tae: Oh, what? What's up?
Kasumi: We can add little comments on everything we have on display!
Kasumi: If we write that these buns keep us full of energy while we practice, then people would know how important Saya's bakery is to us, right?
Tae: Absolutely!
Saya: I mean, as a business, I'm sure my family would be happy if we did that. But is that really okay with you all~?
Rimi: Of course! Your place's bread is really special to us.
Kasumi: Oh, I've got one more idea! What about putting this up, too?
Rimi: Is that... a piece of paper cut into a circle? What are you going to do with that...?
Kasumi: Well, you see~... We'll... And then...
Tae: Great idea, Kasumi! That'd be great to have, too!
