event145-02 Chapter 1: Expressing Fun! Part 2

Poppin'Party is making an introduction corner in CiRCLE. What did everyone bring...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Arisa: Okay, then. We've got two hours until the concert, right?
Rimi: It's finally time, huh? I'm so excited to see everyone~.
Tae: This is going to go great. I was already shaking with excitement at rehearsal.
Saya: Okay, then before we change, let's get that intro corner set up!
Kasumi: Yeah, let's do it! Our spot is right next to reception, so I'm sure everyone will take a look!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: So let's start with this!
Arisa: Kasumi, make sure that doesn't end up crooked, got it?
Kasumi: I know, I know~♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: Gosh, there are so many memories in these pictures.
Kasumi: You can tell how good our lunch boxes are just from our faces in this picture!
Saya: We're making great faces in all of our pictures... It was so hard to choose which ones to use~.
Tae: This picture of the basement's great. It's our home base, after all.
Arisa: Never thought my place'd end up being shown off like this...
Saya: Alright, then next, we can put this stand here~...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: That should be good! To Poppin'Party, there's no bread like Yamabuki Bakery's bread, right?
Saya: Fufu, thanks. How about we eat these after the concert?
Rimi: Yay~!
Arisa: The wristbands do look pretty cute when they're all lined up like this.
Saya: Now that I take a closer look, they're getting a little worn. We've used them a lot, haven't we?
Rimi: And thanks to the comments we have next to them, I'm sure everyone will understand how important these are to us.
Tae: "To celebrate our one-year anniversary of our audition at SPACE, Saya, Rimi, and Kasumi gave us these special wristbands. - Arisa"
Arisa: D-don't read that out loud!
Tae: Next is... Yup. Oddie's looking good, too.
Arisa: After you asked me about the bonsai, I was wondering what you'd bring, but... I never thought you'd make a clay model of Oddie...
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, you're really good at this! It looks just like him~!
Tae: He's been brought up during our shows, so I thought everyone'd like it if they could see exactly what we've been talking about.
Saya: Now that I think about it, Oddie does come up a lot, huh?
Kasumi: I talk about Aa-chan too, so I wanted to put some pictures of her up, but she told me no~.
Arisa: Of course she would...
Rimi: We've still got to put up this sign and poster, right?
Tae: Leave it to me!
Saya: I'll hold the stand steady for you.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Wow, wow!! Look how big Poppin'Party is written on this!
Arisa: Of course it is. We made it together, didn't we? By the way, this blank poster for guest comments... What're we gonna do if no one writes anything on it?
Saya: Anyone who comes to one of Poppin'Party's shows is part of our show, too. That's why you wanted a space where the guests have a chance to be featured, right?
Kasumi: Don't worry, I know people will write on it! I mean, if it were me, I'd definitely want a chance to tell everyone how much fun I had!
Kasumi: Oh, that's it! I'll write something on here, too~♪
Tae: Ah, I wanna write something too!
Arisa: H-hey! Wasn't this supposed to be for the guests?!
Rimi: It's supposed to be, but... I'd like it if we could let everyone know we want them to have fun with this poster.
Saya: Come on, Arisa. We'll all write something. It might help the guests feel more comfortable joining in, too.
Arisa: Well, I guess...
Kasumi: And now all that's left is the decorations!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: It looks so festive now~!
Arisa: We really gonna be okay with this? Kinda looks childish, don't you think...?
Saya: I don't see what's wrong with that. It gets across what's fun about Poppin'Party. These little star stickers do, too!
Tae: You can't have Poppin'Party without stars!
Kasumi: Yup! And besides, I bet we wouldn't even be here right now if it wasn't for that star sticker Arisa had!
Arisa: The star sticker...? Wait, you're not writing about that, are you? Don't you dare!
Kasumi, Tae, Rimi & Saya: Fufufu!
Kasumi: Dooone!
Saya: Hey, as long as we're at it, why don't we take a group photo here?
Tae: Good idea! Let's do it after the concert!
Rimi: I hope lots of people leave comments for us~.
Arisa: You guys do understand, right? No matter how good this little corner looks, it doesn't mean anything if our show flops.
Kasumi: Oh, of course we know that, Arisa~!
Arisa: Gack! Q-quit hugging me~!
Kasumi: Okay! Now let's do a pre-show cheer!
Arisa: Here?!
Tae: Bring it in, Arisa.
Arisa: Sheesh, fine.
Kasumi: Let's make this the best show ever, everyone!
All: Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa!
(White cut)
