event145-04 Chapter 3: Our Special Reward Part 2

The day of the festival has arrived. The girls begin preparing a booth only they could make.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Himari: Wow~, there are already stands set up! Are we late?
Tomoe: I bet the food stands have lots of stuff they've gotta prepare in advance, so that's probably why.
Tsugumi: Yeah, my mom and dad always head out early, too.
Moca: Gasp! That sign... It's got "baked potatoes" written on it...!
Ran: Moca, resist the potatoes.
Moca: Fine~. But I'm definitely ordering one with extra butter later.
(Black cut)
Tomoe: Hmm... Ah, here it is! This is our spot!
Himari: It looks pretty plain... but I figured it would. Which is why I came prepared~♪
Tomoe: Himari, you're getting pretty into this! Alright, let's hurry up and get to work!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan and I asked the neighborhood committee, and they helped get us the things we need for setting up our ring toss and listening corners.
Tomoe: Man, it really gets your heart pumping to think that this is our very own stand!
Himari: And now it's our turn to show everyone what we can do! Let's spruce up this boring old tent and dye it in Afterglow's colors!
Ran: You've been saying that ever since we started preparing, you know.
Himari: I really liked it when I heard Tomoe say it before~. But never mind that, take a look at this! They're little strings of lights! Aren't they cute?
Moca: When they're all lined up like this, they kind of look like tasty little buns~.
Tsugumi: Just with that, the tent's already looking better! I can't wait to see it when the lights are turned on.
Tomoe: Yeah, having these lanterns makes it feel like a real festival~! Alright, now let's get those prizes set up!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Looking at the prizes all lined up like this, we got a lot, didn't we?
Himari: Yeah, we'll have more than enough treats and juice boxes for everyone~. And it was a lot of fun picking out everything, too!
Ran: Except for the part where you all started goofing around and putting weird stuff into our basket.
Moca: The one and only Moca-chan was super serious the entire time. That's why I picked this super serious melon bread soda, which I'll just leave here~.
Tsugumi: Does that actually taste good...?
Tomoe: Ahaha, probably. Never drank it myself, though.
Himari: Oh, there you go just saying things again! Come on, we've got to put up the grand prizes now.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, you decided to go with the water gun, huh? That reminds me of when we all played Toconut Splash together.
Moca: It was a white-hot battle full of tears and cheers~. Ran, is that a corsage of sasanqua flowers?
Himari: Moca, you noticed too? I had a feeling I saw these at Ran's exhibition~.
Ran: Haha... Yeah, they're sasanqua. Though the real flowers wilt fast, so these are fake ones. Tsugumi, you brought gingerbread cookies?
Tsugumi: Yup. They're not really in-season, but... Even so, I really liked that gingerbread house we all made together.
Tomoe: I have a hunch it'd still be a mess even if we tried making another one now, though.
Himari: Right? I bet every one of the walls would turn out completely different. Tomoe, you settled on a postcard with a sunset on it, huh?
Ran: This sort of reminds me of Inoshima.
Tsugumi: It really does! That sunset really was pretty...
Moca: And the countless troubles we had to overcome that day only made it that much prettier~...!
Ran: Troubles that were all our own faults, by the way.
Tomoe: Ahaha, but that was pretty fun in and of itself, right?
Tomoe: Besides, it's not just the ones at Inoshima. All sunsets are important to us.
Tomoe: So it'd be nice if the person who got this as their prize could come to our concert and see that same sunset glow.
Moca: Wowwee~! Tomo-chin, you're so cool~!
Ran: ... Hey. This is...
Himari: Ah, you noticed? It's my special self-made mascot! It's our good-luck charm, but with some upgrades!
Moca: Oho~... It's...
Tomoe: A little bigger than the ones we have...
Tsugumi: B-but it looks the right shape! And... uh, i-it's really cute, Himari-chan!
Himari: C'mon, guys, what's with those reactions~?! Tsugu, why do you sound so desperate?!
Tomoe: Ah, hey, the listening corner! We've still gotta get that set up!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Oh~. Nice, the "Afterglow" letters really stand out~.
Tsugumi: It was super worth making it together!
Himari: Tsugu, you wrote my introduction, right? You see that, everyone? "Our Trusted Leader!" I'm so happy~!
Tsugumi: Fufu, it's true, though. What's mine say...? "Everything Starts with Her." Ran-chan, you...!?
Ran: There's no better way I could have put it.
Moca: Tomo-chin, you forgot something on mine. I don't see "The Most Beautiful Girl Ever" on here anywhere~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, my bad. I'll add that on later.
Himari: Alright, so all that's left is to get the music playing, and we'll be done! I'll set up the songs. Tomoe, could you get the portable speakers ready?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: ... That should be good, right? Yeah! Our stand's all ready!
Himari: Yay~! This actually looks pretty good, don't you think?!
Ran: So this is the first song people will listen to. Not bad.
Moca: We'll be playing it at the concert too, after all~.
Tsugumi: It'd be nice if they listened to the song here and learned the timings so they can cheer along.
Himari: That sounds like a lot of fun! It's always better when the audience starts singing along!
Tomoe: Man, this song always gets me so fired up~! Okay, everyone! Let's make both this concert and this stand an absolute blast!
All: Yeah!
(Black cut)
