event145-13 Chapter 12: Changing the World Part 1

After practice, CHU² mentions something she'd like to try at RAISE A SUILEN's next concert...

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): Okay, we'll call it there for our lessons today. PAREO, begin preparations.
PAREO (Reona): As you wish, CHU²-sama!
MASKING (Masuki): We're done already? Don't we still got some time?
LOCK (Rokka): What do you mean, preparations?
LAYER (Rei): Did something happen, CHU²?
CHU² (Chiyu): Nope. We are going to make something, though. Gather around, everyone.
LOCK (Rokka): We're going to...?
MASKING (Masuki): Make something? If you wanted to bake a cake, just say it.
CHU² (Chiyu): Nooo! I'm setting a new challenge for us for our next show!
CHU² (Chiyu): We're making a booth that'll show everyone that RAS is the best band around!
LAYER (Rei): A booth? Does that mean you're planning an exhibition about us?
CHU² (Chiyu): Indeed. Thanks to our recent shows, the amount of newcomers to our concerts has been steadily increasing. That means it's time we make our goals clear again.
CHU² (Chiyu): We need to let everyone know that we're more sweet and excellent than any band out there!
LOCK (Rokka): I see~! I've never done a booth, exhibition, or anything like that before, but it sounds like something our fans would really like!
CHU² (Chiyu): We're going to let our audience know we're promising the world to anyone who is willing to follow us!
PAREO (Reona): I simply cannot wait to see just what sort of future you have in mind, CHU²-sama~!
MASKING (Masuki): Hmph. Well, I don't know what you're plannin' on showin', but sounds like fun to me. I'm down.
LOCK (Rokka): I hope our guests all like it!
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. An exhibition sounds like fun.
LAYER (Rei): Our next show is at dub, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): Yes. I'm planning on using a corner of the lobby for our booth.
MASKING (Masuki): Sounds like a good plan to me. That place is pretty big. But what're we actually showing off?
CHU² (Chiyu): Regarding that, I'd actually like to get all of your opinions. PAREO!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, right away~! Everyone, please direct your attention over here~♪
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, an image popped up on the monitor! Is this supposed to be the plan for our booth?
MASKING (Masuki): These five silhouettes are supposed to be us, I'm guessin'.
LAYER (Rei): And hovering above us looks like a giant replica of Earth? This looks awfully large-scale.
PAREO (Reona): If it is alright, I would like to humbly take this opportunity to explain to you what this means~!
PAREO (Reona): First, this panel is be roughly five meters and span across the wall.
PAREO (Reona): In front of it, our silhouettes will be displayed. Above that, CHU²-sama's vision of her ideal world will be suspended.
CHU² (Chiyu): That's as far as I've gotten. As for the rest of the stuff we'll have at the booth, I want to hear your opinions.
MASKING (Masuki): Hm... But what're we supposed to show, then? It feels like this is already pretty cool as is.
LOCK (Rokka): Um, if we're supposed to be introducing RAS to people... I think we should have our band name somewhere big and easy to see!
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, yeah, that's definitely important.
CHU² (Chiyu): Okay. Make a memo of that, PAREO.
PAREO (Reona): Roger that~! "Have our band name big and easy to see..." There we go.
MASKING (Masuki): What about playin' one of our music videos? Those are super cool. Like "EXPOSE 'Burn out!!!'"
LOCK (Rokka): The finger guns!
PAREO (Reona): Good idea! We can dim the lighting in the area a little bit to help make the video visible!
LAYER (Rei): Ah, I had an idea... Nah, it'd be too hard. Forget I said anything.
CHU² (Chiyu): There's no way we can decide that unless you actually tell us what you're thinking. You're a member of RAS, LAYER. Tell us.
LAYER (Rei): A member of RAS, huh...? I guess you're right. There's no point in keeping it to myself.
LAYER (Rei): If we're supposed to be changing the world with our music, then I want to show people that at the booth.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
PAREO (Reona): You want our booth to change the world, then?
MASKING (Masuki): That does sound pretty tough.
LOCK (Rokka): Changing the world isn't exactly a very concrete concept to begin with~.
LAYER (Rei): I know it'd be hard. But I was thinking, if we can't envision it, then there's no way our fans would be able to either.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hm... You make a good point.
CHU² (Chiyu): A booth that changes the world...
CHU² (Chiyu): We'll do it.
MASKING, LOCK & PAREO: Huh?!
MASKING (Masuki): Is that even possible?!
LAYER (Rei): Are you sure, CHU²?
CHU² (Chiyu): What LAYER said makes sense. So it's not a matter of whether we can or can't. We're doing it!
CHU² (Chiyu): Fufufu... Besides, I've got an idea.
