event145-03 Chapter 2: Our Special Reward Part 1

Afterglow has been invited to perform at a festival downtown. Tomoe has a suggestion.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tomoe: What? They're looking for a band to play at the festival downtown?!
Tsugumi: Yeah. And the neighborhood committee says they'd love it if Afterglow could be that band. What do you think, everyone?
Tomoe: I'm in! We all are, right?
Himari: Yeah! I saw Tomoe's ears perk up as soon as she heard the word festival.
Ran: I'm fine with it. Ah, now that I think about it, it rained the last time we had a concert downtown, didn't it?
Moca: Oh yeah, that totally happened~. And then it miraculously cleared up right before we got on stage, and there was a pretty sunset... Boy, we're pretty lucky, huh~?
Himari: But it'd be great if it started out nice and sunny this time~! It is a festival, after all. It'd be way better if we could enjoy that too, right?
Tomoe: Oh, about that. This is something the people downtown asked me...
Tomoe: Would you guys like to run a stall at the festival as Afterglow?
Himari: Our very own stand?! That sounds like so much fun! Let's do it!
Moca: A concert and a stand? Sounds like we'd be awfully busy~.
Ran: Hold on a second... Why us?
Tomoe: Ah, well, I ran into a group of people downtown the other day who were talking about how they had an extra stand's worth of space they didn't know what to do with.
Tomoe: So they ended up asking me if we'd like to join in, too. They said we'd be free to use it however we want.
Tsugumi: I never thought we'd ever end up being the ones running a stand ourselves. Ran-chan, let's give this a shot!
Ran: Sure. I don't see any reason not to.
Tomoe: Really? Thanks, you're all real lifesavers!
Himari: Okay, then let's make it a super fun stand. But what should we do~?
Moca: Festivals mean festival food. Like hot, fresh, steaming baked potatoes with butter dripping off of them~.
Ran: Some grilled chicken or squid skewers sound good, don't you think?
Himari: I'd like to eat some candied strawberries or grapes~. They're small, easy to eat, and super cute!
Tsugumi: But there's going to be lots of food stands. It might be better for us to do something different.
Tomoe: You've got a point there. What about some carnival games? A fishing pool or shooting range sounds fun.
Ran: Oh, what about ring toss? We can line up a bunch of snacks as prizes.
Tsugumi: Oh, that's so nostalgic! I remember us all playing that together at a festival as kids.
Moca: Hii-chan couldn't win anything, so the shop owner ended up giving her something for free, right~?
Himari: Yeah, he was super nice~. Then we split the candy he gave me afterwards.
Tomoe: There was a grand prize there too, if I remember right. I feel like he actually had a pretty good line up of toys to win.
Ran: Didn't you win a stationary set, Tomoe?
Tomoe: Yup. Kinda gets you fired up when you hear there's a grand prize, right? I mean, the prizes themselves are cool and all, but it makes the games more fun too.
Tsugumi: What if we had some grand prizes for our stand? We can all pick out something that fits us.
Himari: That might work! Okay, then it's settled, we'll do a ring toss stand with some special grand prizes as the big attraction!
Moca: ... Ah.
Ran: What's wrong, Moca?
Moca: I was just thinking about how there's not gonna be anyone there to run our stand while we're on stage~.
All: ... Ah.
Tsugumi: Which means that since our show is in the evening, we've got to close up shop before then.
Ran: A stand with no one running it looks pretty sad...
Tomoe: But we've gotta prep for our concert, too...
Moca: What about prepping while running the stand?
Tsugumi: You mean, setting shifts for everyone? Give me a second, I'll think up a schedule.
Himari: Hold on, Tsugu! There's no way that'd work!
Ran: We can't do stage checks or rehearsal if we're not all there. I don't think a shift system is a good idea.
Tsugumi: Oh yeah, that makes sense...
Tomoe: Well, I guess we could always just ask someone else to take over for us when it's time to rehearse!
Tomoe: I'll ask around and see if anyone'd be interested in helping out. They could advertise our show while helping out with our stand.
Himari: Advertise our show... That's it, Tomoe!
Moca: Hm? What? Did that give you some sort of grand inspiration?
Himari: You bet it did! We'll set up a listening corner next to our ring toss stand.
Moca: Oho~... Oh?
Tsugumi: Ummm... Do you mean, by playing some of our music by our stand, people who stop by might become interested in our show?
Tomoe: Oh! That's a great idea! And promoting our show through our songs is just like us.
Himari: Right?! And we can dress it up like a listening booth in a CD store, complete with little introductions for each of us!
Ran: Whoa, we don't have to go that far, do we? Isn't the music good enough?
Himari: We do! Don't you ever get curious about the people behind the music that you like?
Moca: True~... Hii-chan, you're good~.
Tsugumi: Ah, there's the bell. Let's keep planning after school.
Tomoe: Okay! There's still more I wanna hash out about the prizes and that music corner, too.
Himari: Alright~! This stand is going to be fun for everyone! Hey, hey, hoh~!
Ran: ... C'mon, Himari. Clean up your lunch box.
Moca: We've gotta move for our next class~. Hii-chan, we're gonna leave you behind~.
Himari: Huh? Hold on, wait up, everyone~!
