event145-10 Chapter 9: Smile for You! Part 2

Hello, Happy World! starts making their display at the amusement park, when Kokoro brings something that's truly surprising...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Misaki: Alright, we're going to head over to start preparing now. No one forgot anything at home, right?
Kokoro: Of course!
Misaki: You say that, but you're empty handed...
Kokoro: The suit people are bringing my stuff for me! They're trying their best to get it here!
Kanon: I don't know what you're bringing... but it must be big if they have to try their best to get it here...
Misaki: You're the only one who would only tell me that you'd bring "something perfect for a Hello, Happy World! introduction!"...
Hagumi: Mine's all ready, too! I asked Dad and he made a bunch for me!
Kaoru: I had no issues with preparing mine, either. I can hardly wait for everyone to begin reading them...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Smile Land - Plaza]

Kanon: The park staff did a really good job setting up all this stuff for us, huh?
Hagumi: It's amazing! It almost looks like an actual festival! Look, they even drew pictures of us up there!
Kaoru: With a set as spectacular as this and the items we have readied, there is no doubt in my mind that this will be a corner positively overflowing with joy.
Misaki: Well, we can at least do our best to try. Alright, could you two bring out your items?
Hagumi: Sure! Here are the croquettes!
Kokoro: They look so good! These will definitely put smiles on people's faces for sure!
Hagumi: Dad made a whole bunch, so let's have some together later!
Kanon: Thanks, Hagumi-chan, but...
Misaki: There's no way a croquette's going to teach anyone anything about us... But don't worry. I've got something that'll take care of that.
Hagumi: What is it?! Mii-kun, what'd you bring?!
Misaki: I made these little captions for us all. See, this one explains how your dad makes us croquettes all the time. This one says how we eat them together a lot.
Hagumi: Yaaay! Thanks, Mii-kun!
Misaki: Ahaha... I'm just glad I took the time to make them. Alright, Kaoru-san, you brought some poetry books, right?
Kaoru: Ah, yes. Indeed, I have brought my self-published poetry collection, "An Eternal Fleetingness."
Kaoru: Not only that, I also brought my newest collection, "An Eternal Fleetingness Forever." I am quite confident in its capacity for countless hours of entertainment.
Kokoro: They look super fun! Could I take a look at them later?
Kaoru: Fufu, of course you can. There could be no greater joy to me than to see these fleeting lines bring the brightest of smiles to your face.
Kaoru: Especially "An Eternal Fleetingness Forever." The poems contained in that collection were largely inspired by Hello, Happy World!... I'm sure it will teach our kittens much about us.
Misaki: While there's a lot I could say about your titles, they do at least seem like they'll work for introducing us.
Kanon: I've been wondering for a while now, but... do "smile" and "fleeting" mean the same thing to Kaoru-san...?
Misaki: Alright, let's set Hagumi and Kaoru-san's stuff over here on this stand.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Fufu, I can already hear the beautiful harmonies which Hagumi's croquettes and my poetry shall weave.
Misaki: Ahaha... Alright, Kanon-san, it's your turn.
Kanon: O-okay. Here, this is what I made.
Kokoro: Hello, Happy World! Smile Map...? What a wonderful name for a map!
Kanon: Hello, Happy World! has been all over the place doing all sorts of stuff, right? I thought it would be nice if we could show everyone what we've been up to.
Hagumi: These pictures along the side are super cute, too! Like this little penguin over here!
Kaoru: Ahhh... This drawing of a dinosaur fossil has also been depicted most fleetingly.
Kokoro: That's our Kanon for you! This map will make anyone smile just by looking at it!
Misaki: Hm, I guess I can just stick what I brought up alongside Kanon's, huh?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Ah, Misaki, I see you've brought photographs. Together with Kanon's masterpiece, it would be no exaggeration to describe these two as akin to myself and the great bard Shakespeare.
Misaki: Please don't try to blow this up into more than it is... I was actually wondering how I'd arrange these pictures, so Kanon's map is a real lifesaver.
Kanon: Fufu, I feel the same way. I think having photos of our shows will have a lot more impact than just drawings.
Hagumi: When you lay it out like this, we really have been all over the place!
Misaki: We really have, huh? The fact that we've been to two foreign territories is crazy...
Kanon: Ahaha... Happy Happy Island and the Kingdom of Happinelle, right? I thought I'd make maps of them too, but I realized that'd be kind of hard...
Kokoro: Is it my turn next? Or should we have Michelle go first?
Misaki: You seem like a pretty tough act to follow, so I'll just put what Michelle gave me first.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: Wow! They're Michelle-shaped balloons!
Kokoro: Amazing! It's like there's a whole bunch of Michelles here now!
Kaoru: Though it pains my heart to know she cannot attend, it is comforting to know she still watches over us nonetheless.
Misaki: Ahaha, I'm sure Michelle will be really happy to know you all like them.
Kanon: Hey, Misaki-chan. How did you get these made?
Misaki: I talked with one of the people at my part-time job. It turns out they actually had some of these on hand that they were going to use as advertising, so they gave me some.
Kokoro: Okay, then it's my turn, right? I'll get the suit people to bring it over!
Kanon: ... I-is that...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Fufu, what brilliantly crafted bronze statues... They capture our fleetingness perfectly.
Misaki: They really are bronze sculptures, huh... I was hoping I was just seeing things...
Hagumi: Wooow! I've never even imagined myself as a statue!
Kaoru: Really? I had always expected this day would come eventually.
Kokoro: When I heard that we needed things that would make everyone happy, I knew the best choice was us! Hello, Happy World!
Misaki: Uh... That's an impressively backwards way of thinking...
Kokoro: Plus, there's six statues here, right?
Misaki: ... !
Kokoro: Misaki, you don't get to be on stage very much, so I was thinking there might be a lot of people who don't know about you!
Kokoro: So this is a great way to let everyone know you're a part of Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: Fufu, Kokoro-chan's got a point.
Kaoru: Now that she mentions it, this might be the first time I have actually witnessed all six of us assembled together.
Hagumi: I bet Michelle will be super happy when she sees this!
Misaki: ... Yeah. She will be.
Kokoro: So now the introduction corner is done, right? Next up is preparing for our concert!
Misaki: C-concert?! I didn't hear anything about a concert...
Kokoro: We came all the way here to Smile Land, after all! Let's do another parade show!
Kanon: B-but that's something we need to talk to the owner about, isn't it...?
Black Suit: No need to worry. We've already received the okay from the staff. Your instruments are all here and ready for you.
Misaki: They really do work fast...
Kokoro: And once our concert is over, we'll have a party here! Let's eat Hagumi's croquettes with all the guests!
Kaoru: Fufu, then I might take this opportunity to present a public reading of my poems. I promise you it shall be a positively fleeting experience.
Kanon: Ahaha... This was supposed to just be a little introduction corner, but now it's suddenly become an entire event...
Misaki: Well, we are Hello, Happy World! after all. I kind of figured something like this would happen.
Hagumi: Oh! But Michelle isn't here!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah, I'll contact her. She'll be here soon.
Kokoro: Alright, everyone! Let's give the park visitors the happiest smiles we can!
All: Okay!
