event145-11 Chapter 10: Remnants of Flight Part 1

While in a band meeting, Toko shows the rest of Morfonica what Hello, Happy World! has been up to...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Recess]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tsukushi: After lunch today, we're having our Morfonica meeting! Alright, let's ea-
Toko: Whoa! What the heck is this? This is nuts!
Mashiro: Ah! Th-that was surprising...
Nanami: What's up, Toko-chan?
Toko: Hello, Happy World! They're what's up!
Rui: A more coherent explanation would be appreciated, if you could. "What's up" is not enough to tell us anything.
Toko: Ahhh, man! Just look! You'll understand if you do! See?!
Tsukushi: Jeez! I can't believe you're checking your social media before our meeting! ... Wait, what are these statues...?
Toko: Evidently they're at Smile Land right now! It says it's supposed to be part of some sort of introduction corner!
Mashiro: Th-they had statues made to introduce themselves...?
Toko: That's so Hello, Happy World!, isn't it?!
Rui: I have no idea what you are talking about, but these statues certainly seem like they would leave quite an impression.
Mashiro: I remember Toko-chan saying she wanted to do stuff like this the first time we met, but I never thought there'd be people who'd actually get statues made of themselves...
Nanami: Looks like they beat you to the punch, Toko-chan~.
Tsukushi: That actually reminds me, when I went to CiRCLE the other day, Poppin'Party was doing something like this too.
Toko: Which means that there's no way we're not gonna jump on this bandwagon, right? Let's do an intro corner, too!
Nanami: Oh~, now this is actually starting to sound like a meeting.
Tsukushi: W-well then, the topic of today's meeting is this introduction corner! Does anyone have anything to say?
Rui: ... If I may. If we were to create an exhibition featuring ourselves, where exactly would we even place it?
Toko: What? CiRCLE, of course. We played there the other day, after all!
Mashiro: H-huh? There's no way we could ever even think about asking CiRCLE for something like that...!
Toko: This ain't time to be a scaredy-cat, Shiro! All we have to do is ask. It'll probably work out!
Nanami: Hm... But it might not be as effective as you'd think~. I mean, Poppin'Party are regulars at CiRCLE, so they've got to have a lot of fans there.
Tsukushi: True... People would probably end up being confused if we suddenly popped up there.
Toko: Aw, then are we gonna do it at some other live house?
Rui: That would make no difference. We do not have a location with which we have established anywhere near the level of rapport Poppin'Party has with CiRCLE.
Toko: Then where are we supposed to have it?!
Rui: It is not a question of where. What I am trying to tell you is that there is no point in us doing this in the first place, unless it is in a location where we are well known and established.
Tsukushi: ... Oh. Then what if we just set up here at school?
Mashiro: I-I guess there have been more people that have been coming to ask me about Morfonica lately...
Tsukushi: Yeah, but not many of them actually come to see us play! So we can make this corner to introduce ourselves to those people! What do you think?
Nanami: Oh~. Tsu-chan, that's actually a pretty good idea~.
Rui: I have no particular reason to object, either. The school does indeed meet the criteria I stated earlier.
Toko: I'm in, too! Although it's a little lame compared to a theme park!
Mashiro: Ah, but do you think we'd even be allowed to do something like that here? Our band isn't exactly a school activity...
Rui: It should be possible as long as we submit the correct paperwork to the student council and the relevant teachers. We may even be able to borrow supplies if necessary.
Toko: You think we could even pick where we wanna set up?
Rui: As long as there are no other prior requests for whatever location you have in mind, it should be fine. That being said, larger spaces like the gym are taken already, so I would avoid those.
Toko: Aw~... Wait, how did you know I was thinking of using the gym?
Rui: Because you want to pick a spot that stands out, right? It was obvious, considering how you normally act.
Toko: Huh? What, you trying to call me simple?
Tsukushi: S-so what you're saying is, as long as there isn't anyone applying for the spot right now, we can use it, right? Then how about near the entrance?
Mashiro: You're thinking about where the blackboard with school announcements is, right?
Toko: Oh, everyone'd be able to see it if we put it there! That's gotta be the spot!
Tsukushi: Sigh...
Nanami: So next would be thinking of what we actually want to show in the corner...
Tsukushi: Ah, lunch is already over...
Toko: Meh, we'll just all think about it on our own! Rui, Fusuke! I'll leave all the paperwork and stuff to you~!
Mashiro: I-is this really okay...?
