event87-05 Chapter 4: Ways of Having Fun

The rest of the girls head out on their own. Eve is the only one to stay behind...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Eve Wakamiya)

[Day Two of Trip - Afternoon]

[Villa - Living Room]

Saya: Are you sure you'll be fine here all by yourself?
Eve: Yes, I'm just a little tired from yesterday... Don't worry about me!
Rimi: We'll bring you back a souvenir. Maybe a cream cornet!
Saya: Ah, since we're doing different things during the day, we'll have a barbeque together tonight! Rimi-rin and I will shop for supplies while we're out.
Eve: I can't wait!
Kaoru: Rest your weary heart, Eve-chan. If you have need of anything at all, do not hesitate to contact us.
Eve: Thank you. Stay safe, everyone.
Tomoe: Yeah, I better do just that. I don't wanna fall and hurt myself while galloping around!
Eve: Fufu. Please tell Silver I say hello! See you later, everyone!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Horseback Riding Club]

Kaoru: Phew... Even your trotting is perfect. You're a natural at this, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Hehe, thanks! It's all because of your amazing teaching skills. And...
Silver: Snort!
Tomoe: It's mostly thanks to Silver here. She's just taking me along for the ride.
Kaoru: That realization itself is a mark of your talent. Many like to believe that they are always the ones in control.
Tomoe: We've really gotten close... It's a shame I'm never going to see Silver again after this trip.
Kaoru: ... The midsummer night's dream must end when we rise in the morning, but the memories and bonds we forge there remain.
Tomoe: ... Uh, I'm pretty sure it's day time.
Kaoru: No matter! The solution to your dilemma is simply to meet again. If you so desire, I would love to have you accompany me the next time I journey here.
Tomoe: Huh? Really?! Yeah, please let me know!
Kaoru: Excellent. I too am grateful to have gained a horseback riding companion.
Tomoe: Haha! Thanks! ...Did you hear that, Silver? We'll see each other again someday!
Silver: Neigh!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Villa - Living Room]

Saya: We're back~. Phew~, these are heavy! We sure bought a lot.
Rimi: Yeah, everything just looked so good. I can't wait for everyone to try them.
Saya: Huh? Eve, are you here~? Maybe she went for a walk?
Rimi: But her shoes are still here.
Saya: She might be asleep then. I hope she's alright.
Eve: Ah, welcome back, you two~...
Rimi: Wah! Eve-chan, are you alright?! Your face is really red. Did you catch a cold?
Saya: That's terrible. I'll see if I can find some medicine. For now, just go lay down and-
Eve: I-I'm fine~. This isn't from a cold... You see...
(Black cut)
Saya & Rimi: You were in the sauna?!
Eve: Yes... I really wanted to try it out... I'm sorry for worrying you.
Saya: No, I'm just glad to know you're okay. Do you really like saunas that much?
Eve: I think they just bring back a lot of memories... It felt so good to be in one again!
Rimi: Really? I don't think I've ever used one before.
Eve: The saunas in mokkis are the best. Once you've heated up in the sauna, you go outside and feel the cool lake breeze, only to enter the sauna again... It's like an endless cycle!
Saya: So it's kind of like eating something sweet after having something sour.
Rimi: If it's that enjoyable... I want to try it myself. What about you, Saya-chan?
Saya: Yeah, I'm curious too.
Eve: Well, I was just thinking about going back in. Would you like to join me?
Rimi: Sure! Let's go!
Saya: But only for a little while. We still have to get everything ready for the barbeque tonight.
Eve: Okay, then off we go to warm ourselves in the sauna!
