event87-06 Chapter 5: Barbecue Under Starry Skies

Enjoying a barbecue under the night sky, Eve is asked what she truly wants to do.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Eve Wakamiya)

[Day Two of Trip - Evening]

[Summer Resort - Villa]

Saya: Does everyone have a plate and something to drink? Alright, then... Cheers!
Rimi, Eve, Tomoe & Kaoru: Cheers!
Tomoe: Man, nothing beats barbequing under the stars!
Eve: Now let's get grilling!
Rimi: Wow... Look at all this meat! It looks so good...!
Saya: This is all from your uncle, right, Kaoru-san? I really do appreciate how much he's doing for us.
Kaoru: Pay it no mind, my dear. My uncle does this out of the kindness of his own heart. All we need to do to pay him back is enjoy ourselves.
Saya: Alright. Thank you so much!
Kaoru: It is I who should be thanking you. You were the ones to prepare everything, correct? You have my gratitude.
Saya: Rimi-rin, Eve and I did it together, so it didn't take long at all.
Eve: You still cut the most vegetables though! Her knife skills were amazing! She cut them so fast, like chop, chop, chop!
Tomoe: Whoa. Guess that's what you can expect from the daughter of Yamabuki Bakery.
Saya: That's got nothing to do with it. Besides, wasn't it harder getting all the barbeque equipment set up?
Rimi: You and Kaoru-san were the ones who lit the fire and everything. That's so cool... I don't think I could do that.
Tomoe: It's actually pretty easy. Grills nowadays really are something.
Kaoru: It seems our meat is ready. We should grab it before it burns.
Rimi: Yay, meat! Thank you~!
Saya: Rimi-rin, this one is ready too. Here, Eve. Have some.
Eve: Thank you! The charcoal smells so good... Oh, we should grill some rice balls later!
Tomoe: Great idea! ... Ah, the fire's getting a little too hot. I better cool it off.
Saya: Toasting marshmallows would be fun too, wouldn't it? Too bad we didn't buy any~.
Rimi: If you want something sweet, we've got baked goods... Maybe we can toast those. It might make them even more delicious.
Kaoru: ... Fufu.
Saya: Huh? Aren't you hungry, Kaoru-san? Here, have some meat.
Kaoru: Thank you, my dear. I was merely... taking in this fleeting scenery. Our marvelous time here is coming to a close.
Eve: That's right, we're going back home tomorrow afternoon. That's... a little sad to think about.
Rimi: That was fast, wasn't it? I wonder why all the good times fly by so quickly.
Saya: Summer vacation's going to be over in a flash too. Soon we'll be back to our hectic schedules.
Eve: Yes...
Tomoe: ... Come on, why are we talking about something so awful?! It just means we have to have fun while we can!
Tomoe: Once we get back home, we've still got some summer vacation left! We should enjoy it!
Eve: Enjoy it, huh...?
Saya: Fufu, that's right. Summer vacation only comes once a year after all. We should be out there making memories.
Rimi: We should hang out again once we get back home! ... Ah, but first I need to finish my homework~. I've still got a lot left to do.
Saya: Fufu, yeah, I'm sure Kasumi's the same way.
Tomoe: Ako tends to wait until the last minute too. I better remind her to work on it later.
Saya: Yeah. If we really want to have the best summer possible, we need to accomplish everything we planned for summer. That includes homework.
Eve: You're right! We should do everything we want to do while we still can!
Rimi: Eve-chan?
Kaoru: Actually... Eve-chan, have you accomplished all that you wished to do here?
Eve: Huh?
Saya: I was wondering that too. I never really heard you talk about what you wanted to do.
Tomoe: You don't need to hold back like that.
Rimi: Why don't you tell us what it is you want to do?
Eve: Everyone... I'm sorry for worrying you... As for what I want to do... It's hard to explain...
Kaoru: You need not fret, my dear. Simply tell us what you're feeling, and we will listen.
Eve: It really is nothing special, but...
