event87-01 Opening: Escaping the Heat of Summer

Arriving at a villa belonging to Kaoru's uncle, the local scenery reminds Eve of her past.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Eve Wakamiya)

[Day One of Trip - Morning]

[Highlands - Villa]

Kaoru: At last, we have arrived at our humble abode.
Eve: Wow... This is such a wonderful area! That sparkling lake, those gorgeous mountains... They take my breath away.
Saya: That's for sure. Mmm, breathing in that fresh air feels so good.
Rimi: The wind really is refreshing, isn't it~? It's hard to believe we're in the same country.
Tomoe: No kidding. Back home it's so darn hot out. I'm so glad we're here.
Kaoru: I'm glad to hear you like it. My uncle has said to make ourselves at home...
Eve: That's right, this is your uncle's villa, correct...? It reminds me of the mokki I stayed at back in Finland.
Kaoru: Mokki... What a lovely-sounding word. Someday I hope to see such a Northern European paradise with my own eyes.
Saya: Isn't mokki what they call cottages in Finland?
Eve: Yes! During summer vacation, families often stay in mokkis to relax and spend time together. They aren't anything like this beautiful villa though.
Rimi: This place really is pretty, isn't it?! Ah, we should take a picture! I have to send it to Kasumi-chan.
Saya: Oh yeah, she really wanted to come, didn't she? Too bad her family's plans got in the way.
Tomoe: I should take some pictures for my bandmates too. Himari was pretty jealous when I told her~.
Eve: I shall also take some photos! I'm sure everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is very busy right now.
Kaoru: A photograph, eh...? Perhaps I shall send one to everyone in Hello, Happy World!
Saya: Oh yeah, you're the only Hello, Happy World! member here today.
Kaoru: Alas, our schedules did not align as we had hoped. This was a last-minute trip after all.
Eve: Your invitation really was sudden... Fufu.
Rimi: I was so surprised when you invited me while I was downtown.
Tomoe: Yeah, a three-day trip isn't usually something you plan on a whim. I was pretty shocked too.
Kaoru: Which is why I am ever so grateful to you all for taking the time to accompany me.
Saya: We're the ones who should be thanking you! I can't believe I get to visit such an amazing place.
Kaoru: Your kind words are much appreciated. Now then, enough chit-chat, my dears. Let us go inside.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Villa - Living Room]

Rimi: We're coming in... Wow~!
Tomoe: Now this... is one heck of a house! Is it really okay for us to have this place all to ourselves?
Kaoru: But of course. My uncle has even provided us with any necessities we may need during our stay. If we require anything else, we can always contact him.
Eve: Huh? That room... Is that a sauna?
Kaoru: Quite the rarity, no? It appears my aunt is quite fond of them, so they had it installed.
Saya: Whoa... This really is like a different world. We'll have to thank them in person later. They own the horseback riding club close by, right?
Kaoru: They'll be stopping by later, so you'll have your chance then.
Rimi: This whole trip was originally so you could go horseback riding, right? That's so cool... I can't believe you can ride a horse...
Kaoru: Fufu, I assure you, I am not nearly as skilled as you might imagine.
Eve: Is it really alright for us to go horseback riding with you? I'd hate to cause you any trouble or hold you back...
Kaoru: Think nothing of the sort. There are some things you can only experience when in a group. That alone makes it worthwhile. You have nothing to worry about.
Eve: Kaoru-san... Thank you!
Tomoe: ... Come to think of it, the five of us don't really hang out that often, do we?
Rimi: It was just luck that brought us together...
Saya: Yeah, it certainly is a bit strange, but exciting! We're in a whole new world with a whole new set of friends!
Kaoru: This too is but a fleeting adventure predestined by fate... We must seize this opportunity to enjoy ourselves!
Rimi: Yeah♪
Tomoe: On that note, let's have some fun! We're going horseback riding today, right? Then we should probably figure out what we wanna do tomorrow.
Saya: That's true. We're here for three days after all. I've heard there's a few sightseeing locations nearby, as well as a place we can do some shopping. We've got plenty of choices!
Rimi: Ah, I was thinking this when we were outside, but a barbeque by the lake would be nice too! I bet the outdoors would make meat taste extra good...
Eve: ...
Kaoru: Any thoughts, Eve-chan?
Eve: Ah, no! All of these ideas sound wonderful!
Kaoru: That they do. However, if there is anything you would care to do, do not hesitate to ask. I will do whatever I can to make your desires reality.
Eve: Thank you, Kaoru-san! I will be sure to let you know if I think of anything.
Kaoru: My thanks, dear. Now, Eve-chan, let us enjoy the mokki of Japan!
Eve: Fufu... Yes!
