event87-04 Chapter 3: A Morning Stroll

A morning stroll develops into a conversation, but Eve is still unsure of her plans for the day...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Eve Wakamiya)

[Day Two of Trip - Morning]

[Summer Resort - Villa]

Eve: Sigh...
Kaoru: Oh my. Good morning, Eve-chan. What are you doing here?
Eve: Good morning, Kaoru-san. Uhm... I was just watching the lake.
Kaoru: What a pleasant way to spend the dawn of a new day. May I join you?
Eve: Of course! Sigh... It's so beautiful...
Kaoru: Sigh... So fleeting...
(Black cut)

[Ten Minutes Later]

Eve & Kaoru: ...
Saya: Ah, there they are. We were looking for you two.
Kaoru: Saya-chan, Rimi-chan, Tomoe-chan! Good morning! Another magnificent, fleeting day awaits us!
Rimi: Good morning. You look wonderful today, Kaoru-san. As always.
Tomoe: We're trying to figure out what we want to do today. We all ended up going to bed last night before we decided.
Eve: Fufu, you're right. Horseback riding was so tiring. I slept so well!
Kaoru: Alright, then... Why don't we go for a stroll, enjoy this refreshing morning air, and discuss our plans?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Meadow]

Kaoru: If possible, I'd like to go to the horseback riding club again today. However, it does not appear that will be possible for you all.
Saya: Yeah, sorry, but I'm still sore all over...
Rimi: Me too...
Kaoru: Then why don't we make today our free day? Of course, if anyone would like to come with me to meet the horses, they are more than welcome to.
Tomoe: Really?! Then I'm joining you!
Kaoru: Haha, sounds like you've grown quite attached to Silver.
Tomoe: You bet! We finally got into our own little groove, so it'd be a shame to not go again.
Kaoru: I'm sure she's waiting for you as well. What will you do, Saya-chan?
Saya: Rimi-rin and I were talking about checking out the shopping area close by.
Rimi: We need to get souvenirs for our friends and families. Plus we heard there's a famous bakery there!
Saya: Evidently, they fill their cornets with cream made from the milk of cows living in the highlands. I really want to check it out~.
Kaoru: An excellent idea. We can have my uncle send out any packages as well.
Rimi & Saya: Thank you!
Kaoru: That just leaves you, Eve-chan. What will you be doing today?
Eve: Well... Let's see...
Rimi: Eek!
Tomoe: What's wrong?!
Rimi: A-a-a bug! There's a bug on me...!
Tomoe: Oh, are you okay? Hang on, I'll get it... Hm? Wait, this is a rhinoceros beetle!
Kaoru: I've heard there are a plethora of insects living here.
Tomoe: Whoa~! A bug this great is really hard to find~.
Rimi: T-Tomoe-chan, please, get it off of me~.
Tomoe: Ah, my bad! And... There. I caught a rhinoceros beetle!
Saya: Ahaha, someone's having fun.
Tomoe: Well, yeah! There might be even bigger bugs nearby!
Eve: Fufu. This place really is full of nature's beauty.
Kaoru: Oh my, it seems we got a little sidetracked. Anyway, what do you want to do, Eve-chan?
Eve: Uhm... I'm sorry. I haven't decided yet. Would it be alright for me to think about it a little while longer?
Kaoru: Of course. There is no rush. Feel free to consider all the possibilities while we explore the great outdoors.
Eve: I will. Thank you.
Rimi: Ah~! Another bug~!
Tomoe: Whoa, a stag beetle! And a male at that!
Saya: The bugs sure love you today, Rimi-rin... Did you rub chocolate cornets on your clothes earlier?
Rimi: O-of course not~. Get rid of it!
Eve: Fufufu.
Kaoru: Hahaha.
