event87-07 Ending: Using Those Moments of Luxury

Everyone works hard to fulfill Eve's wishes. What could they be...?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Eve Wakamiya)

[Last Day of Trip - Morning]

[Highlands - Villa]

Eve: ...
Rimi, Saya & Tomoe: ...
Kaoru: ... As we silently take in the morning air, I cannot help but think... How fleeting...
Saya: Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Oh dear, my apologies.
Eve: ...
Rimi, Saya & Kaoru: ...
Tomoe: ... Ah, that's a big mantis.
Rimi: Eep! Wh-where?
Saya: You two, stop.
Rimi: Ah, s-sorry.
Tomoe: Right... Go on, mantis, shoo.
Eve, Rimi, Tomoe & Kaoru: ...
Saya: ... Fufu.
Rimi: Ah, Saya-chan, you laughed!
Tomoe: You're out!
Saya: S-sorry! This is just so funny, that's all.
Tomoe: I know! Being quiet and doing nothing is actually pretty hard!
Rimi: Uhm... Is this really what you wanted to do, Eve-chan?
Eve: Uhm, well, not exactly, but... Fufufu, this was still an entertaining way to pass the time.
Eve: I know I said "I don't want to do anything but enjoy the peace and quiet," but that doesn't mean we can't talk!
Kaoru: I'm still shocked that the thing you wanted to do more than anything else was... nothing.
Eve: Yes... This place reminds me so much of Finland, so I wanted to spend the day here the same way I would in Finland.
Tomoe: Does everyone sit around and relax like this there?
Eve: I don't really know how to explain it... You see, summer vacation in Finland is very long.
Rimi: Really? That sounds amazing~.
Eve: Winters there are very long and harsh, so maybe it was done so we could get the most out of the nice weather.
Eve: So when I would go to the mokkis in summer, I never really had a set schedule of things to do.
Eve: If the weather was good, I'd sunbathe or swim in the lake. Once I was tired from playing, I'd go to my room and read...
Tomoe: Wow, that all sounds good.
Eve: Yes. And looking back on that, all that time I had really was a luxury.
Saya: I think I know what you mean. I'm always worried that I'm not using my time efficiently. I have to be doing something, or else I feel like I'm wasting the day.
Tomoe: Yeah, even with this trip, I wanted to do a whole bunch of stuff to take advantage of it.
Rimi: That's just how vacations are, though. You want to do all the stuff you can only do at your destination.
Eve: And I think that's a great way to think. Vacations in Japan are so short, and so is the time you have to spend with those you care about.
Eve: Which is why we tend to fill those times with lots and lots of activities.
Eve: There isn't a right way to spend your vacation. It just depends on how people live their lives.
Eve: ... Ah, I'm sorry. I suppose I'm not making much sense anymore!
Kaoru: Hmm... In other words, you wanted to experience those long summers you had in Finland again, correct?
Eve: Yes... Does that make sense?
Tomoe: For sure. To be honest, the way you spend summer there sounds pretty interesting.
Saya: And it's probably important to have days like this every once in a while. Once we're home, we're back to our busy schedules.
Rimi: Yeah, so if you think about it, doing nothing but relaxing really is something we can only do while we're here!
Eve: I'm so glad you feel the same way...!
Kaoru: I'm glad you got your wish, Eve-chan... Now then, shall we begin our Japanese mokki experience?! Let the relaxation commence!
Rimi: Kaoru-san...! Yeah!
Saya: Fufu, never change, Kaoru-san.
Tomoe: Ahaha, no kidding.
Kaoru: Oh my, did you enjoy that, my little kittens? Well, then...
Saya: You don't have to do it again!
Rimi: Aww~, but I want to hear it~. One more time, Kaoru-san.
Tomoe: Jeez... We're not gonna get any relaxing done at this rate. Haha.
Eve: That's true, but... Fufu... That's fine. Times like this are a luxury in and of themselves!
