event87-03 Chapter 2: Everyone, Right Now

Having returned from their horseback outing, the girls chat about their respective bands.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Eve Wakamiya)

[Day One of Trip - Evening]

[Highlands - Villa]

Rimi: Oh~... My whole body hurts~
Saya: Same here~... Every muscle in my body is aching~.
Eve: But it was worth it, right? Trail riding was so much fun! The scenery was beautiful, and the wind on our faces felt great.
Tomoe: No kidding. Riding a horse with the wind blowing through your hair was the best.
Kaoru: Fufu, I am glad you all enjoyed yourselves.
Rimi: Yes. Towards the end, I really felt like I connected with my horse, which made me really happy.
Tomoe: Same. It was like Silver's heart and mine were one!
Kaoru: Yes, both you and the horses all seemed to enjoy themselves.
Eve: You really understand the emotions of those horses!
Kaoru: But of course I do. Every single one of them possesses only the purest of hearts. Their feelings can be felt just by looking them in the eyes.
Eve: Horses really do have pretty eyes, don't they? I'll have to try talking to them while staring into them next time♪
Kaoru: In any case, well done, everyone. Now let us go inside and relax.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Villa - Living Room]

Rimi: That's right, I should send some pictures from today to my big sister~.
Saya: How is Yuri-senpai anyway? She's overseas right now, isn't she?
Rimi: Yeah, and she's having lots of fun every day. We message each other often.
Saya: Oh yeah? That's good. ... Ah, a message from Kasumi. "How's your trip going?"
Rimi: I'll have to send her pictures too. Ah, and while I'm at it, I'll send some to O-Tae-chan and Arisa-chan!
Saya: Good idea! Although, it's not like we're not gonna see them after we get back. We have band practice after all.
Eve: Does Poppin'Party rehearse a lot during the summer?
Saya: Yup. We've got plenty of time on our hands, so we try to meet whenever we can.
Rimi: Especially now that we're second-year students. We're all so busy. Plus Arisa-chan normally has student council work.
Tomoe: I'm sure all the bands are like that. Tsugu's busy being the Vice President of our student council.
Tomoe: That being said, we're all in the same class again, so it's actually easier for us to get together now.
Saya: What about Hello, Happy World!?
Kaoru: Well... I don't think I've noticed any change. This year is just as... No, more magnificent than the last. Every day is a joy.
Tomoe: Haha, that sounds like Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: Your praise is much appreciated... Now that I think about it, we don't have any members of Roselia here.
Tomoe: I invited Ako along, but she said she wants to practice. Evidently, they increase the number of rehearsals they have during summer vacation.
Kaoru: Even now, those dear girls are reaching for the top, their hearts set ablaze with passion... How fleeting...
Saya: Yeah, they're working really hard to prepare for Future World Fes.
Rimi: What about Pastel＊Palettes?
Eve: We're very busy as well! We all have to balance school, band, and our jobs as idols.
Saya: That makes sense. You guys are super popular. Was it hard to open up your schedule for this trip?
Eve: I do have a lot of work and lessons going on, but the dates for this trip just happened to line up with my days off!
Eve: I'm so glad they did. Hearing about this wonderful villa from Kaoru-san really made me want to come!
Kaoru: Is it perhaps due to its similarities to the mokki of Finland?
Eve: Yes! I absolutely had to come after learning about this place!
Kaoru: And how are you finding our Japanese mokki? Is it to your liking?
Eve: Of course it is!
Saya: That's great, Eve. In that case, we better make good use of your rare days off and have lots of fun tomorrow!
Eve: Yes!
Rimi: Yeah! So what are we doing tomorrow?
Tomoe: It seems like there's a lot we could do. Do you have any suggestions, Seta-senpai?
Kaoru: Indeed I do. Plenty in fact! For example, there's...
Eve: Hmm... What should I do...?
