1046_Masuki Sato_R3 Happy King

<Cookie Master>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Masuki Sato)

[Hazawa Coffee]

MASKING (Masuki): Looks like these are all the ideas for the Halloween café menu. Alright, I can't let LOCK down. If I'm gonna do this, I wanna do it right.
MASKING (Masuki): Let's see... So they wanna do a Halloween cheesecake using pumpkin as a base...
MASKING (Masuki): Adding some blueberries on top should give it a nice purple and orange Halloween vibe... Wait, blueberry jam could work too...
Chisato: Why, hello, Masuki-chan.
Kanon: I didn't expect to see you here.
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, Chisato-san, Kanon-san. Do you come here often?
Chisato: I suppose you could say so. This café has delicious seasonal cakes and tea, and it's also very relaxing.
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, true. This fig tart is pretty good.
Kanon: That looks delicious~! I think I might order that cake set.
Kanon: What about you, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Well... I think I'll have the same thing.
Chisato: ... Oh? What are those drawings?
Kanon: They look like cakes. They're very well-done. Did you draw them, Masuki-chan?
MASKING (Masuki): No, I didn't. These are actually for...
(Black cut)
Chisato: Working at a Halloween café sounds like it'll be a wonderful experience. I also really admire your willingness to teach them how to bake cakes.
MASKING (Masuki): I'm not exactly good enough to teach, though. But since I accepted the job, I want to see things through to the end.
Kanon: They're so lucky. I wish I could eat your cakes too, Masuki-chan.
MASKING (Masuki): I can bring some during the next Hello, Happy World! and Pastel＊Palettes gigs.
Chisato: Oh, do we get to have some as well?
MASKING (Masuki): Of course. Let's see, for Hello, Happy World!, I think I should go with something that can make you happy just by lookin' at it.
MASKING (Masuki): And the one for Pastel＊Palettes should be a colorful cake that's low on sugar and healthy so that idols can eat it.
Kanon: Fufu, you really love baking cakes, don't you?
Chisato: Teaching baking at an unfamiliar school must be difficult.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. Everyone was afraid of me at first, and I wasn't sure I was the right person for the job.
MASKING (Masuki): But once I showed them one of my cakes, everyone started to warm up to me.
MASKING (Masuki): That's when they started askin' questions. Like how to make a cake fluffy, how to use a pastry bag 'n other stuff.
Kanon: Fufufu, it's really nice when others show interest in your hobbies.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. Bakin' a cake alone is fun, but it's a whole other story when you do it with somebody else.
MASKING (Masuki): That's why I've been tryin' to figure out how to make these pictures a reality, as well as what ingredients I'll need to do it.
Chisato: I see. So does that mean those drawings were done by Rokka-chan's class, then?
Kanon: Pumpkin Paradise Tart and Moonlight Magical Pudding... The names and designs are so cute.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah! That's why I'm tryin' so hard to make them exactly as they're drawn.
Chisato: Well... Why don't you try pumpkin seeds for this decoration? I think it would add a nice accent.
Kanon: Ah, what about adding apples? Stewed apples go really well with pumpkins.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh... Pumpkin seeds and stewed apples... I like that.
MASKING (Masuki): Then this should be a pumpkin apple pie... And the seeds can go on top...
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, not bad. Is it alright if I ask you some questions?
Chisato: Yes, of course.
MASKING (Masuki): It's about this cake here. Which one looks more delicious?
Kanon: Hmm, they both look good, but I'd be more interested in the one with plenty of whipped cream on top.
Chisato: Even though the calories would be a concern, I would have to agree with Kanon.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah... There'll be a lot of calories... I suppose I could use an imitation whipped cream instead.
MASKING (Masuki): Hm, I think I'm startin' to get a good idea of where to go.
MASKING (Masuki): Thank you very much. I think I'll have some good suggestions thanks to you two.
Kanon: I'm glad I could help~.
Chisato: Good luck with the baking.
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks!
MASKING (Masuki): All right! Time to head home and come up with some samples!


<New Discoveries>

(Character: Masuki Sato)

[Downtown]

MASKING (Masuki): Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}. Hello.
Marina: Hi, Masuki-chan. What are you doing here?
MASKING (Masuki): I was havin' lunch. I take it you're about to grab somethin' too?
Marina: Mmhmm. We haven't been able to decide where to go, though. There are so many good-looking restaurants around here.
MASKING (Masuki): If you're having trouble, I recommend the okonomiyaki joint over there.
Marina: That place? I've gone past it, but I've never been inside. I'm surprised you know about it, Masuki-chan.
MASKING (Masuki): The grocery store's right over there. LOCK's classmates also like goin' there.
Marina: Rokka-chan's classmates like it, huh? I didn't expect you to hang out with them.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, well, LOCK's class wanted to do a café for the Halloween festival at Haneoka the other day.
MASKING (Masuki): But they didn't have anyone who could bake cakes, so I went over to teach 'em.
Marina: I see, so that's how you got to know Rokka-chan's classmates.
Marina: I'm amazed you went to teach them how to bake, Masuki-chan!
MASKING (Masuki): I bake cakes often because I like to, but I never thought I'd teach anyone either.
MASKING (Masuki): I actually kinda enjoyed comin' up with ideas for cakes with LOCK, Ako, Asuka, and the others.
Marina: I know what you mean. Whether it's music or cooking, it's fun to see others come up with ideas you never would've thought of~.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. Ako even wanted a cake with purple bat wings. That was real hard to make work...
Marina: Ahaha! It sounds like something Ako-chan would come up with!
MASKING (Masuki): But you know... It was kinda fun turning the images others had into reality.
MASKING (Masuki): Everyone really liked the samples I brought them. That made all the hard work worth it.
MASKING (Masuki): Havin' to think of and make multiple cakes isn't somethin' I do often, so it was a good experience.
Marina: Fufufu, I'm glad you enjoyed it!
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks. I owe LOCK for givin' me the chance.
Marina: I'm sure her classmates really appreciated the help you gave them.
MASKING (Masuki): Hope so. Hehe, this sorta thing isn't half bad.
Marina: I wish I could have tried one of your cakes, Masuki-chan. I've heard they're really good! ... Don't you wish you could have some too, {{userName}}-san?
MASKING (Masuki): I'll bake some for you two and the rest of the CiRCLE staff.
Marina: Really?! Sorry, it's kind of like I indirectly asked you. Still, thanks for giving me something to look forward to!
MASKING (Masuki): I'll be sure not to disappoint. Anyway, I gotta run. Bye!
