1145_Masuki Sato_R3 Always 100%!

<Make It Flashy!>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[dub - Lobby]

MASKING (Masuki): We did it! Man, today's show felt real good.
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah! Everyone was so fired up! I still feel flushed, and my heart won't stop racing!
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, let's head over to take a look at our booth!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, you really liked our exhibit, huh?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, I guess. But that's not the only reason. Right, CHU²?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh~... It's not like we have to go, right? I'm exhausted, so let's just go home.
PAREO (Reona): You worked very hard today, CHU²-sama! I know you must be sleepy since you stayed up so late working on the exhibition booth. Are you alright?
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course I'm not alright...! I'm completely beat from preparing "you know what."
PAREO (Reona): What do you mean, "you know what"?
MASKING (Masuki): You'll understand once you see it. C'mon, let's just get going.
(Black cut)
LOCK (Rokka): This exhibition really is amazing, though~! Especially that globe, it's so big and cool!
LAYER (Rei): Yeah, no matter how many times I see it, it still doesn't lose its impact... Oh. Look, all the flyers are gone!
PAREO (Reona): Huh? Really? I thought I printed even more than usual this time~...
CHU² (Chiyu): It's probably because more people came to see our show today than anticipated.
CHU² (Chiyu): Particularly first-time attendees. We're definitely garnering more attention.
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO! Make sure to print even more next time. This is our chance to make RAS's name known to the whole world!
PAREO (Reona): As you wish, Master~!
LAYER (Rei): So this is what you wanted us to see, Masuki. Thanks, it's really encouraging.
MASKING (Masuki): What? That's not it. What I wanted you all to see is way better than that.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? What is this cord doing here? It's hanging from the globe...
MASKING (Masuki): Whoa, hold on, LOCK! That's it! Don't pull on that, got it?!
LOCK (Rokka): O-okay! Th-that was close~!
PAREO (Reona): Cord? What is it for?
MASKING (Masuki): Just hold your horses. First, let's all get underneath this globe. I'll pull it once we're all in our places.
CHU² (Chiyu): H-hey, don't push me! I'm fine here, don't worry about me...!
MASKING (Masuki): There'd be no point without all of us, I'm tellin' you.
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, we all ready? Here it comes...! To celebrate another fantastic show... Ready...? Hooray!
LAYER, LOCK & PAREO: Whoa...!
LAYER (Rei): Wow...! The globe was hollow the whole time...!
PAREO (Reona): I'm so moved right now~!
LOCK (Rokka): Masuki-san, did you know...?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Ahhh~! Now there's confetti in my hair!! PAREO! Stop gawking and get this stuff off of me!
PAREO (Reona): Y-yes, CHU²-sama! I'll have you clean in no time!
MASKING (Masuki): Hahaha! I knew this'd be way cooler than a regular old party ball!
LOCK (Rokka): This is incredible, Masuki-san! I was so surprised!
MASKING (Masuki): You see, when I heard about how there'd be a giant globe at our exhibition, I went and had a little secret talk with CHU² after our meeting.
MASKING (Masuki): I've always wanted to try somethin' like this! Once the floor's empty and everyone's left, we finish things off with a bang! You know what I mean?
PAREO (Reona): It's like a reward for all of us! I'm so happy! That was a very nice touch, Massu-san!
LAYER (Rei): It really was... And it gives me even more fuel to work harder for our next show! Thanks, Masuki! CHU²!
CHU² (Chiyu): It took a lot of time to get all this confetti to fly around right, you know! You all better be thankful!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. Thanks for spoilin' me a bit, CHU².
MASKING (Masuki): Let's change the world with a bang, just like we did with this one!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... ! Fufu... Of course! I wouldn't have it any other way!
LOCK (Rokka): Wow~! My heart is racing!
LAYER (Rei): Me too. Let's give it our all!
CHU² (Chiyu): I like the sound of that. If RAS is going to change the world, we have to become even more sweet and excellent than ever!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah! ... Oh yeah. Wanna do "that"?
LOCK (Rokka): ... ! Our cheer, right?
PAREO (Reona): Good idea, Massu-san! You're so hot-blooded!
LAYER (Rei): Yeah, let's do it! Come on, CHU², you're in too, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Fine. Sure, bring it on! Take it away, LAYER!
LAYER (Rei): Okay! Let's do this our way! We are...
RAISE A SUILEN: RAISE A SUILEN!!


<Things to Do with My Bandmates>

(Character: Masuki Sato)

[Galaxy - Stage]

MASKING (Masuki): Alright, I'm feelin' on top of my game today. The energy from that last show we did must still be keepin' me goin'.
Marina: Oh, Masuki-chan. Are you in the middle of practice? Sorry for interrupting.
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. I was just doin' some warmin' up. Nothin' big. You need something from the manager?
Marina: Yeah. There's no one in the staff room, so we thought we'd check if she'd be here, but...
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, she's not in right now, but she should be back soon.
Marina: Got it. Then maybe we'll hang out here for a bit until then.
Marina: Oh yeah, RAS had a show at dub the other day, right? It's been the talk of the town lately, you know~.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh, really? I was just thinkin' about that show, actually.
MASKING (Masuki): We were all so fired up that day. I got to go full throttle too. It was a blast!
Marina: I see. It must have really been a great show!
MASKING (Masuki): At the time, CHU² was sayin' somethin' about a new challenge or whatever, and made this exhibition for us...
MASKING (Masuki): So that might've had somethin' to do with it. The staff at dub were sayin' it was a big hit, after all.
Marina: Oh, I saw pictures of it online. It was really cool how large-scale it was!
MASKING (Masuki): Thank you. We thought of what kind of space we wanted to make together.
MASKING (Masuki): Up till now, it's always been CHU² comin' up with stuff and us just goin' along with it...
MASKING (Masuki): But lately, she's been askin' us for our opinions a lot more.
MASKING (Masuki): So it was actually a lot of fun.
Marina: I see~. That way all of you get to put a little piece of yourself into the exhibit, right?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. I dunno, it might be weird sayin' this now, but... bein' in a band really is a lotta fun.
MASKING (Masuki): That's why for this show, I decided I wanted to be a little bit selfish.
Marina: Selfish? What do you mean?
MASKING (Masuki): There's been this thing I've always wanted to do if I ever ended up joinin' a band.
MASKING (Masuki): You know that big globe we had at our booth? I had that thing made into a big party ball full of confetti that we could use to celebrate after our concert. We cracked it open after the show.
Marina: Really?! You filled that globe with confetti?! But it looked so big in the pictures...
MASKING (Masuki): It really was huge. Which meant there was confetti everywhere after, which got CHU² complainin'.
MASKING (Masuki): But I've always thought it'd be nice to be able to pull off something wild like that with the gang.
Marina: I bet everybody was so surprised~. But it does sound like a lot of fun!
MASKING (Masuki): Fun, huh...? Yeah, it was. And everyone else looked like they were havin' fun, too. We were all laughin' so much!
MASKING (Masuki): Stuff like that's nice! Hopefully, we can keep on tryin' all sorts of stuff together as RAS!
Marina: That's the spirit! I'm looking forward to hearing all your stories.
Marina: ... Ah, looks like Yoshiko's back. It was fun talking with you, Masuki-chan! Thank you!
MASKING (Masuki): Nah, thank you! Come see us play again soon.
MASKING (Masuki): Alright then, have a good one.
