1187_Masuki Sato_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I'm hopin' so too, so I'm gonna treasure what I have with RAS.

<Warming My Body and Soul>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Asahi Bathhouse]

MASKING (Masuki): Ah~, now that was a good bath!
LOCK (Rokka): Um, are you sure you're okay with your birthday present being a bath at our bathhouse?
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? It wasn't just any bath. It was a bath with you all. Even CHU² and PAREO are here.
PAREO (Reona): Indeed! How wonderful it is to be a part of Massu-san's dream birthday. Do you not think so too, CHU²-sama?
CHU² (Chiyu): Ugh... I feel so hot... That's why I said I didn't want to do this...
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. You did count to a hundred again.
LOCK (Rokka): Um, Masuki-san. Here!
MASKING (Masuki): Sweet, coffee milk! You sure I can have this?
LOCK (Rokka): Of course? I know it's not much, but please think of it as part of your birthday present!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, you can't go without one after taking a bath. Hey, Masuki, stand over here. I'll take a photo of you.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? Can't it wait till I've had my drink?
PAREO (Reona): That will not do~. We must leave a record of this moment showing the gift you received from LOCK-san!
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, makes sense. How's this?
LAYER (Rei): Nice. Ready then? Say cheese.
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<A Special Birthday>

(Character: Maya Yamato, Masuki Sato)

[Edogawa Music]

MASKING (Masuki): Ah, Maya-san! Hello!
Maya: Oh! Hello, Masuki-san! You seem to be in a good mood. Did something happen?
MASKING (Masuki): Hehe, that obvious? You see, my bandmates celebrated my birthday the other day! And... it was real nice...
Maya: I see~. I can see why you'd be feeling emotional. So, what did all of you do?
MASKING (Masuki): We went to Asahi Bathhouse... Ah, here's a picture.
Maya: Hmm...? That's a nice photo, and a rare one too! It shows all of you right after you've taken a bath.
Maya: Wait, CHU²-san's face is red! Did she become feverish because of the bath?
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, yeah. She's the showerin' type, so she can't handle hot baths.
MASKING (Masuki): But she still came along. She was all like, "I'll make a special exception for today!"
Maya: So that's why~. What she did must have made you very happy.
Maya: Oh, that drink you're holding... Is it coffee milk?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, it was a present from LOCK, and it was the stuff, alright!
Maya: Huhehe, I could tell from your expression. Nothing beats the combination of bathhouse and coffee milk!
Maya: Having your band celebrate your birthday is always nice, isn't it?
MASKING (Masuki): No kiddin'. I haven't exactly had that sorta experience much, so I dunno how to put it, but...
MASKING (Masuki): I'm real glad I joined RAS.
Maya: There are going to be a lot more good times in store for you for sure. And you'll get to experience things and make memories that you can only make because you're in a band!
MASKING (Masuki): I'm hopin' so too, so I'm plannin' to take good care of RAS in my own way.
Maya: And I'd like to do the same with Pastel＊Palettes. Let's both do our best!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah!
Maya: Anyway, bathhouses are great, aren't they~? I imagine they did wonders for all that fatigue from practice.
MASKING (Masuki): They're seriously awesome...! Oh, just had an idea. Why don't we go to Asahi Bathhouse together sometime?
Maya: Really? Are you sure?!
MASKING (Masuki): Of course! We can take a nice bath and talk drums! I'd also love to get some tips on doin' rimshots!
Maya: That sounds fun~! And I could use some pointers on drum fill variations!
MASKING (Masuki): Hehe, sounds like we've got ourselves a plan! I'm gonna hold ya to this one!
