1307_Masuki Sato_R4 Ride With the Scarlet

Gacha phrase: It felt real good, all right!

<Why I Went for a Ride Pt. 1>

(Character: Maya Yamato, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): Okay! That's all for today. Our show is just around the corner. Everything better be perfect by the next time we meet!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Great job today, everyone!
MASKING (Masuki): Man, I'm starvin'. LOCK, let's go grab somethin' to eat!
PAREO (Reona): Ohh, please wait! Before you leave, there is something I want to show everyone...
MASKING (Masuki): Whoa! Are these all reactions to our new music video?
PAREO (Reona): Massu-san, you are 100% correct! It was very well received, and the number of views has been climbing steadily~.
LAYER (Rei): We were all so enthusiastic during the recording of the song and the music video.
LOCK (Rokka): One person said, "I can't wait to hear this live! I wanna rock out to this song with them!" With such high expectations, we've gotta do our best!
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, check this out... It says, "the vocals and guitar solo are mind-blowing!"
CHU² (Chiyu): And it's not just LAYER and LOCK. The fans have been watching and commenting on all our individual performances too.
PAREO (Reona): Our new song is so powerful even the most discerning music lovers approve! We have outdone ourselves once again!
MASKING (Masuki): You got that right! We made such a great song, so it's about time we celebrate finishin' it!
LOCK & PAREO: Yeah!
PAREO (Reona): In that case, I shall bring out the juice, snacks, and cookies-
CHU² (Chiyu): Wait! Don't get so carried away. We barely have any time left before we debut this song live.
MASKING (Masuki): Come on, a little celebratin' won't hurt nobody. Besides, we're done with practice today.
CHU² (Chiyu): Didn't I tell everyone to get everything perfect by the next time we meet? We also have a ton of other things to do before the show.
MASKING (Masuki): Well... I guess you've got a point there...
LAYER (Rei): How about this, then? Why don't we have a party after our show? We can celebrate both our new song and the gig at the same time.
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, I can get on board with that idea. You'd be down for that, right, CHU²?
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... What else can I do? If that's what it takes to motivate you all, fine.
LOCK, MASKING & PAREO: Yay~! Awesome!
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, celebrating the completion of our new song together, huh...?
MASKING (Masuki): You sure look delighted, LOCK. I bet you're lookin' forward to having a huge cake, huh?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, of course! But all this talk of celebrating our new song made me remember something your father said, Masuki-san.
PAREO (Reona): Massu-san's father? Wasn't he in the band Death Galaxy?
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah. He mentioned that whenever his band finished making a good song, all the band members would take their motorcycles out for a ride.
LOCK (Rokka): That must've been the way they celebrated.
LAYER (Rei): Masuki, I didn't expect you to be so much like your dad.
MASKING (Masuki): Well, he's my old man, after all. It's not surprising that I'm like him in a way or two.
MASKING (Masuki): But I gotta say... Now that I'm in my own band, I kinda get how he and his band mates must've felt.
MASKING (Masuki): After you make a good song, you just wanna celebrate together with your friends.
LOCK (Rokka): Masuki-san...
LAYER (Rei): Celebrating the birth of a new song together as a band, huh?
PAREO (Reona): Woo~! If we're going to celebrate the birth of our new song, we must make it the most adorable party ever!
MASKING (Masuki): And we've gotta get a massive cake!
PAREO (Reona): I'll be sure to add this celebration party to the calendar when I update our schedule.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, PAREO! Don't decide this all on your own! Other bands do their own thing, but RAS is RAS!
LOCK & MASKING: Ahahaha!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

MASKING (Masuki): (All of RAS gettin' together to celebrate our new song... Haha, wonder if I should make somethin'...)
???: Huh? Hey, Masuki-san!
MASKING (Masuki): Hmm...? Ah, Maya-san! Hey there!
Maya: I watched the music video for your new song that just came out! It was really spectacular!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? You watched it already? Thanks!
Maya: Starting with that quiet intro, and then upping the tempo of your drumming? I got goosebumps within the first ten seconds!
Maya: And then there's the guitar solo in the middle of the song, and the keyboard that came in to accentuate key points...
Maya: And to top it all off, there's LAYER-san's vocals! They were much more powerful than in your previous songs! I was blown away~!
MASKING (Masuki): Yup! Those guys really gave it their all right from the recording!
Maya: It was all conveyed really well in the music video!
Maya: Each sound was something only RAS could make. Like, all of your individual quirks put together made the song explode! I felt like I discovered RAS all over again!
MASKING (Masuki): Maya-san...!
Maya: Ohh, I-I'm so sorry! I got carried away the moment we met...
MASKING (Masuki): Nah, I couldn't be happier! I'll tell the others, too. They're gonna be stoked!
Maya: You don't have to! I just wanted to tell you what I thought.
MASKING (Masuki): I'm feelin' kinda fired up after hearin' all that...
MASKING (Masuki): We'll be performin' our new song live for the first time at our next gig! You should come!
Maya: Oooh, I'll definitely be there! Ill be looking forward to it!
MASKING (Masuki): Okay! Thanks so much!
MASKING (Masuki): (I can't believe how worked up she was about our music...)
MASKING (Masuki): (Man, I'm so fired up...! Only one thing to do at a time like this!)


<Why I Went for a Ride Pt. 2>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[The Next Practice]

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

MASKING (Masuki): Here ya go.
LOCK (Rokka): A box...? Wow, are these steamed buns?!
PAREO (Reona): How cute~! They're shaped like bunnies! CHU²-sama, you have to see these!
CHU² (Chiyu): Okay, okay. I'll take a look later.
LAYER (Rei): Wow, it says they're filled with apple-flavored bean paste. That sounds delicious.
LOCK (Rokka): But it doesn't seem like you can get these around here. Did you go somewhere special?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, I went for a ride on my motorcycle.
PAREO (Reona): What~? No fair~! You should have invited us too~.
MASKING (Masuki): Haha, my bad. We can all go together next time.
LAYER (Rei): ... Masuki, something good happened, didn't it?
MASKING (Masuki): Sure did. Actually, I ran into Maya-san, and she gave our new song some crazy good compliments!
PAREO (Reona): Maya-san from Pastel＊Palettes?! Did you see her somewhere, Massu-san?!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. We ran into each other right after our last practice.
MASKING (Masuki): Her energy is really somethin'. Like five seconds after we met, she was already chattin' away and tellin' me how she felt about our new song.
MASKING (Masuki): She said that it has a sound only RAS can make, and that it's our sounds all put together that make the song explode!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hah, of course they do! The song was perfectly organized to do just that.
PAREO (Reona): As expected from CHU²-sama~!
MASKING (Masuki): Haha. That's what I thought you'd say, CHU².
MASKING (Masuki): ... But after hearin' what Maya-san said, I kinda felt like...
MASKING (Masuki): ... I'm happy when people compliment my drummin', but I feel way better when I hear people say good things about RAS.
LOCK (Rokka): I think I can relate to that. We love our own songs and performances more than anyone, so it makes me so happy when someone else feels the same way.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, that's it! Hearin' people say RAS is awesome makes me wanna brag about us even more!
MASKING (Masuki): I was so psyched, I couldn't stay still... Before I knew it, I was cruisin' along on my motorcycle.
LOCK (Rokka): Going for a ride at a time like that sounds like it would feel really good!
MASKING (Masuki): It felt real good, all right!
MASKING (Masuki): My mind was totally blank, so I wasn't thinkin' 'bout nothin'. All I focused on was drivin'...
MASKING (Masuki): There was this super pretty road on the way and, without even thinkin', I started yellin' out!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I can almost picture how pumped up you were.
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh! It's just the best feeling to be so stoked about somethin'!
MASKING (Masuki): And with the sound of my motorcycle hummin' away under me, it felt like my whole body was on fire or somethin'...
MASKING (Masuki): It's like the thrill you get when performin'. Just like it.
MASKING (Masuki): You get this sudden clarity where the sound is crisp, and you can see the faces of your band and the audience. Then, all the sounds come crashin' in to hit you.
LOCK (Rokka): That... would definitely get me fired up!
PAREO (Reona): I am getting goosebumps just hearing you talk about it!
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. Comparing it to a good performance like that makes me want to try riding a motorcycle.
MASKING (Masuki): For real?! We'll have to go for a ride together someday!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. Sure, someday.
MASKING (Masuki): You're never gonna do it, are ya...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Just how long do you guys plan on chatting away? It's high time we start practice!
CHU² (Chiyu): We shouldn't waste even a single second before our next show. We must make this new song perfect so we can overwhelm the world with our impeccable music!
MASKING (Masuki): Oh! You're more fired up than usual, CHU²?
CHU² (Chiyu): What? I'm the same as always... I just can't wait to see the audience go insane over our music.
MASKING (Masuki): CHU²...!
PAREO (Reona): Look at that~ This must mean that you too were influenced by Massu-san's story, right, CHU²-sama~?
CHU² (Chiyu): Sh-shut up! Come on, get into the studio now!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! We should head on in, too!
LAYER (Rei): I guess now's the time to give it our all more than ever.
MASKING (Masuki): Ahaha, that's right!
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, I'm gonna drum it up today! You guys better not fall behind!
(White cut)
