1376_Masuki Sato_R3 Inexplicable Irritation

<A Special View Together>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[After Practice]

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

MASKING (Masuki): Man~... It's crazy hot~! I'm sweatin' all over.
PAREO (Reona): Here, Massu-san. Please make use of this cold towel♪
MASKING (Masuki): Huh, thanks.
LOCK (Rokka): Practice was mighty tough again~. Ever since the festival, we seem extra-motivated during practice, but you seemed to be trying especially hard today, Masuki-san!
MASKING (Masuki): Haha, yeah?
MASKING (Masuki): Well, remember that new feelin' we experienced at the festival? I was tryin' to recapture it, but... I haven't had any luck gettin' there~.
LAYER (Rei): That was some feeling. Like pure exhilaration...
CHU² (Chiyu): Our show at the festival was excellent. And we really were able to go beyond expectations.
CHU² (Chiyu): But that's a thing of the past. Even that feeling is now something we're going to have to surpass.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Yeah. Makes sense. We shouldn't be tryin' to play catch up. We should be tryin' to do better.
CHU² (Chiyu): Exactly.
MASKING (Masuki): By the way, after the concert, you said you were surprised about some feelin'... What was that all about?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I don't remember anymore.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? You expect me to believe that? C'mon, the curiosity's killin' me.
CHU² (Chiyu): Wh-what makes you think I bother remembering everything that happens in the past? Especially when we need to always be moving forward!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, you do have a point. Plus even if you don't remember the past, the past is something that gets engraved into you, so...
PAREO (Reona): I am also in agreement♪ Every single second since I met CHU²-sama has been engraved into me!
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, then that means the time I was aggressively recruited and my time as a temporary member are both pieces of RAS history that have been engraved into me...
LOCK (Rokka): Mmm~, I love how this makes us feel like a true band~!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah! It's pretty cool stuff...!
PAREO (Reona): ...? Is everything alright, Massu-san?
MASKING (Masuki): Say... I've got a bit of a request... There's somethin' I wanna have engraved with y'all...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): W-we're still not there yet...?! Just how far up this mountain do you plan on dragging me...?!
MASKING (Masuki): You alright, CHU²? We're almost at the top of the stairs, so you'll be able to see it soon. Here we go.
CHU² (Chiyu): You call this almost? And what exactly are we going to be seeing anyway...?!
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): ...!
PAREO (Reona): Wow~! The city lights and the stars make for a truly breathtaking view!
LAYER (Rei): It's incredible...! So this is that place in the photo, huh, Masuki...?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. I just really wanted for us to see it together...
MASKING (Masuki): Hey... CHU²...
CHU² (Chiyu): What...?
MASKING (Masuki): You carsick from the cab ride?
CHU² (Chiyu): And what if I am?!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'll have you know I don't usually get carsick either! Anybody would after going up a path like that!
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha... I didn't think it was that bumpy.
MASKING (Masuki): Sorry about forcin' you to come and puttin' you through all that.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I don't mind, okay? I get how important having moments like these are.
MASKING (Masuki): CHU²...
LOCK (Rokka): The view here really is amazing~! The city lights down below, and the star-filled sky above... It's mighty beautiful no matter how many times I see it~!
PAREO (Reona): Yes! It is like being in outer space~!
LAYER (Rei): The view from CHU²'s penthouse is pretty nice, but this one tops even that...
CHU² (Chiyu): You're seeing stars you normally wouldn't be able to because there isn't much light up on this hill.
LAYER (Rei): Oh... So some stars can only be seen when it's dark enough... Fufu, I guess I need to try to shine more brightly then...
LOCK (Rokka): Um, since we came all the way up here, why don't we take a picture together? Come on, Masuki-san! You said before that you wanted to!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh! Thanks, LOCK! Alright, let's do that!
PAREO (Reona): Pardon me~... I think taking a photograph together is a lovely idea, but~...
LAYER (Rei): What is it, PAREO?
PAREO (Reona): How exactly shall we return home? The cab has already departed...
CHU² (Chiyu): What?! There's no way we can walk all the way home from here! Call a cab right now!
PAREO (Reona): A-as you command, master! But, um, are you certain? There is the small matter of your carsickness...
CHU² (Chiyu): Argh! MASKING, this is all your fault!
MASKING (Masuki): Hehe... This doesn't seem all that bad. Feels like typical band stuff.
CHU² (Chiyu): What do you mean it's not all that bad? It couldn't get any worse!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, come on, CHU². Let's take that picture. We can worry later about how to get home.
PAREO (Reona): Yes. We will not all fit in the photograph unless you move in closer, CHU²-sama. Please come a lot closer♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Sheesh... Is this good enough?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah! Perfect!
MASKING (Masuki): Alright~! Ready~? Three, two, one...
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Excited Over the Impossible>

(Character: Masuki Sato)

[Downtown]

MASKING (Masuki): How's it goin', {{userName}}? On your way to CiRCLE?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, I'm headin' to CHU²'s for practice.
MASKING (Masuki): Oh yeah. Thanks for lettin' us use the studio the other day.
MASKING (Masuki): Hmm? How come we didn't use CHU²'s place?
MASKING (Masuki): Well, let's just say some stuff was goin' on... and CHU² was in a bit of a rut.
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, but she's all good now! Actually, I'd say she's come out even stronger.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, like real strong! You know, like that thing you always see in mangas.
MASKING (Masuki): Where a character comes back stronger after bein' in a tough situation...! That's seriously what happened~.
MASKING (Masuki): I'm not just talkin' about the music she writes either. Feels like she's grown as a producer too...
MASKING (Masuki): The fire that's always been in her eyes is burnin' even brighter now...!
MASKING (Masuki): It does mean the stuff she wants us to do when it comes to performin' has become a hell of a lot more difficult though...
MASKING (Masuki): And to be honest, tryin' to meet her demands ain't easy. But for whatever reason, I find myself wantin' to try.
MASKING (Masuki): Guess it's 'cause it's nice to have someone have such high expectations for you, you know?
MASKING (Masuki): I mean, when you're doin' support gigs, people don't ask you to do what's impossible.
MASKING (Masuki): Your job is to use what time there is to get to the point where you can bring out what you know you can do. People won't push you to go beyond your limits.
MASKING (Masuki): But CHU², she'll make one impossible demand after the other without any regard for stuff like limits.
MASKING (Masuki): It'll tick me off because of how damn unreasonable and impossible it seems at first, but I'll grit my teeth and keep at it.
MASKING (Masuki): And before I know it, what seemed impossible becomes more possible... and eventually even doable.
MASKING (Masuki): Guess that's what it means to surpass expectations...
MASKING (Masuki): And it's a real excitin' feelin'!
MASKING (Masuki): Just the thought that bein' with RAS is gonna let me go beyond my limits gets me real thrilled.
MASKING (Masuki): Man, I'm so lookin' forward to practicin' today and seein' what kinda crazy impossible stuff she's gonna tell me to do...!
MASKING (Masuki): Ugh, I can't take it. Talkin' to ya is makin' me wanna play already! It's a bit early, but I'm gonna go now.
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, see ya around!
