1512_Masuki Sato_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Today's the best birthday ever!

<A Comforting Time Together>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

LOCK (Rokka): Masuki-san, happy birthday!
PAREO (Reona): We have prepared cake and other food too~! I recommend you try my homemade vegetable curry♪
LAYER (Rei): I bought the cake, but I bet it's not as good as the ones you make.
MASKING (Masuki): I told y'all not to worry. I'm super happy just knowin' you guys were thinkin' about me!
CHU² (Chiyu): How long are you going to stand around? You're the birthday girl, so go sit in the birthday seat already.
MASKING (Masuki): Haha, my bad~. I'll just sit myself in the center today... Okay.
LOCK (Rokka): I know, why don't we take a picture?
PAREO (Reona): That's a great idea! Let's take a video too♪ We couldn't use them in our shows and music videos, could we?
CHU² (Chiyu): I can't believe you'd want to use footage from our birthday parties in our music videos. They're not home videos, you know?
MASKING (Masuki): I get tense when I know the camera's on me. Hahaha.
LAYER (Rei): Speaking of videos, you've been glued to them during our breaks when we've been practicing recently.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, they're baby animal videos. Lately, I just can't get enough of 'em!
MASKING (Masuki): One popped up randomly while I was watching videos of people drumming. Watching them kinda helps me loosen up. They're, like, relaxing...
MASKING (Masuki): And they're kinda... cute.
LAYER (Rei): Masuki... you're making a scary face.
LOCK (Rokka): What kind of baby animals are you watching?
MASKING (Masuki): Baby fennec foxes, short-tailed weasels, and sand cats, I guess. I like watchin' them eat like crazy.
LOCK (Rokka): There sure are a lot of videos of rare animals.
MASKING (Masuki): The fennec foxes look like CHU². Here, check it out.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, my gosh~, these babies are so cute! Their big ears look like CHU²-sama's headphones!
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh~, how long are you going to keep talking about that stuff?
LOCK (Rokka): Hey, why don't we all watch some of the videos Masuki-san likes?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Fine, I guess~. You can put them up on the TV.
MASKING (Masuki): Really?! Sweet! Thanks, Choo-choo~.
CHU² (Chiyu): I told you to stop saying my name weirdly!
MASKING (Masuki): Today's the best birthday ever! Let's watch some Pallas's cats first~!


<Growing Circle of Cute Lovers>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Masuki Sato)

[Downtown]

MASKING (Masuki): Oh, hey, Hagumi. Where are you off to so fast?
Hagumi: Ah, Masukin! Hiya~! My mom asked me to run some errands for her!
MASKING (Masuki): My folks have got me runnin' around too. Guess we're a pair of gofers, aren't we?
Hagumi: Ehehe, we sure are! Ah! Hey, you just had a birthday, right? Happy birthday~!
MASKING (Masuki): Oh! Thanks.
Hagumi: What did you do for your birthday party~?
MASKING (Masuki): I ate cake with the others, got some presents... Ah, and we watched all kinds of videos on the huge TV at CHU²'s spot! Here's a pic of us.
Hagumi: Wow~! CHU²'s house is so big! Is that the TV behind you all? It's as big as the blackboards at school!
MASKING (Masuki): We watched some animal videos I've been into lately on that big ol' screen. Man, I was in heaven.
Hagumi: Animal videos?! What are those?!
MASKING (Masuki): Like videos of baby short-tailed weasels playin' or of baby fennec foxes eatin'. You ever see videos like that?
Hagumi: Never ever! I really wanna see some!
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, let's check some out. These videos are ridiculously cute. You'll be hooked after your first one... Here, watch this.
MASKING (Masuki): You see that in the middle of the box movin' around?
Hagumi: Yeah, something white is moving! Hey, there's a face!
MASKING (Masuki): That's a baby short-tailed weasel. Those quick little movements of theirs are just so darn adorable!
Hagumi: Gosh~, it's so cute~! It's white and long and thin! It looks like mochi!
MASKING (Masuki): You know, it does look like mochi! I never noticed that until you pointed it out.
Hagumi: Fufufu, it so does~♪ Its name must be Mochi-chan.
MASKING (Masuki): Mochi-chan?! I like that! ... Oh, Hagumi, watch this video too.
MASKING (Masuki): ... I'm gonna press play.
Hagumi: Whoa, what's up with this one?! Those big ears are super cute!
MASKING (Masuki): Right~? This is a baby fennec fox. I just can get enough of watchin' them nibble at their food like crazy.
Hagumi: It started digging a hole while it was eating! And it's so fast~! This one can be called Scoop-chan.
MASKING (Masuki): Hahaha, nice! Scoop-chan! You're good at pickin' nicknames.
Hagumi: Ehehe~, I dunno about that~.
Hagumi: Thanks for showing me the baby animal videos~! They kinda make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside~.
MASKING (Masuki): That last video's great for when you wanna loosen up during band practice. Like you said, these videos give you good feels. They're really relaxin'!
Hagumi: Oh! Alrighty, I'm gonna do like you and watch some when we have a break during band practice!
Hagumi: Ah! We've been talking so much we forgot all about our errands~!
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, that's right. Well, I guess we better go before we forget what to buy.
Hagumi: Yeah!
