1644_Masuki Sato_R4 That Is Exactly Why

Gacha phrase: That's all just you bein' picky!

<Little MASKING>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Galaxy Ramen]

MASKING (Masuki): Here's your guys' ramen. And here's the order of fried rice without green onions.
PAREO (Reona): Wow, it looks so delicious! Well then, let us eat♪
LOCK (Rokka): Mmm~! Ramen after practice really does taste great!
MASKING (Masuki): I know, right? The Dumplings'll be done soon, so eat up.
LOCK (Rokka): I will! I'll be going home and doing homework after this, so I'll be sure to eat my fill!
LAYER (Rei): ... By the way, PAREO. Did you finish your picture book?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, I successfully finished drawing it♪ I will bring it with me next time, so please give it a look.
LOCK (Rokka): It would be wonderful if it's donated to the kindergarten.
MASKING (Masuki): Wait, that wolf was gobblin' down snacks in the kitchen and pokin' the hamster, right? Won't kindergarteners get scared readin' that?
PAREO (Reona): Not to worry. I've drawn them very cutely. Also, they are a dog.
CHU² (Chiyu): Either way, it has a really menacing look about it.
MASKING (Masuki): If I was a kindergartener, I'd definitely get freaked out.
LAYER (Rei): You would? I can't really picture that happening.
PAREO (Reona): Were you sensitive when you were a child?
LOCK (Rokka): I saw a childhood photo of her, but she wasn't any different than she is now. Ah, but she was adorable~!
PAREO (Reona): What?! I would like to see that as well! Massu-san, do you have that photo with you at the moment?!
MASKING (Masuki): Hmm, not right now.
LAYER (Rei): I see. That is a shame.
PAREO (Reona): Ohh, I had hoped to see it~... Wouldn't you agree, CHU²-sama?
CHU² (Chiyu): I-I wouldn't really say that...
Shopkeeper: I've got a photo of Masuki-chan when she was a child.
RAISE A SUILEN: Huh?!
Shopkeeper: She was just so cute that I saved it on my phone.
MASKING (Masuki): Seriously? This is the first time I'm hearin' about that...
Shopkeeper: Um, I'm pretty sure it was in this folder... Ah, here it is.
LOCK (Rokka): S-so cute~!
PAREO (Reona): You look like a doll wearing those frilly clothes~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Unbelievable...!
LAYER (Rei): Let me see, let me see... Wow, how cute. Ah, but when you compare them, there's quite a bit of resemblance.
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, shut up. There's no need for ya to look at it so seriously.
PAREO (Reona): When you were young, did you often wear cute clothes like these?
MASKING (Masuki): Nah, not really... More importantly, what photo is this, Boss? I don't remember it.
Shopkeeper: It's a photo from when we went to a band friend's wedding.
Shopkeeper: You absolutely insisted on being in the photo while holding drumsticks~.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow~! How darling~!
CHU² (Chiyu): You haven't changed since then.
MASKING (Masuki): Ah~, I'm startin' to remember it... I get the feelin' I started bangin' on the drums right after this...
Shopkeeper: That's right. When we performed at the wedding, you declared, "I wanna play too!" and played on the small snare next to your dad... You were really cute back then~.
PAREO (Reona): How nice~. I would have loved to see that~!
LOCK (Rokka): Do you have any other photos?
MASKING (Masuki): Agh~, you've seen enough, okay? Hurry and put it away.
Shopkeeper: Okay, okay. Sheesh, you're so bashful, Masuki-chan.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Jeez, Boss. Why'd ya even save a photo from way back then...?
LOCK (Rokka): But you really were a cutie.
PAREO (Reona): Right. Why not try wearing clothes like that now?
MASKING (Masuki): Nah, that sorta style doesn't suit me.
MASKING (Masuki): I think the clothes are cute, but there's somethin' about the combination...
CHU² (Chiyu): What about it?
MASKING (Masuki): It's like how puttin' strawberries on shortcake'll make it good, but puttin' 'em in ramen won't, y'know?
MASKING (Masuki): So I want people who'll look better in those clothes to wear 'em.
LOCK (Rokka): I think they would look pretty good on you too, Masuki-san...
LAYER (Rei): Why don't you try some on next time?
MASKING (Masuki): You guys~...
PAREO (Reona): Even if it is just once, I would love to see you fully devote yourself to cuteness~! If you would like, I will put all my effort into helping you!
MASKING (Masuki): Not happenin'. C'mon, the dumplings are done, so hurry and eat 'em.
LOCK (Rokka): Aww~, you can't be serious~!
PAREO (Reona): Let's give it a try, Massu-san~!


<To Learn Even More>

(Character: Masuki Sato)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Okay. We bought the studio equipment, so all that's left is...
MASKING (Masuki): Hrm... Since I'm here, maybe I should get two cans.
Marina: Hello there, Masuki-chan. Are you in the middle of some shopping?
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, Marina-san. {{userName}}. I went for a long ride on my bike the other day, so I came to buy some engine oil.
Marina: You did...? Is that when you went out to PAREO-chan's hometown?
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? You know about that?
Marina: Yeah, we heard a little about it from PAREO-chan. She said you rode out to her hometown on your motorcycle to apologize.
MASKING (Masuki): That's right. I wanted to properly apologize before I forgot, so I went out there.
MASKING (Masuki): Gotta say, though, even recallin' it now, we fought over somethin' pretty stupid~.
Marina: Fufu. When I was in a band, we sometimes fought over minor issues. By the way, what was the reason for your fight?
MASKING (Masuki): PAREO drew a picture book in class at school featuring characters modeled after everybody in RAS.
MASKING (Masuki): The dog modeled after me was pretty bad-mannered, and as we got to talkin' 'bout this and that, both of us got heated up.
Marina: Fufu. That's kind of a cute reason to have a fight.
MASKING (Masuki): Thinkin' about it now, I can't figure out why we'd fight over somethin' like that... but at the time, I just got kinda mad...
MASKING (Masuki): It was like I was thinkin'... "Is this how she sees me?"
MASKING (Masuki): So we got into a pretty rowdy fight. And what's more, neither of us could apologize, so it kept draggin' on.
Marina: I see. Times like that can be frustrating when you don't know what to do.
MASKING (Masuki): That's right. You wanna apologize right away, but it's like the words won't come out.
MASKING (Masuki): Plus, once I realized how PAREO felt, I got anxious to apologize even sooner.
Marina: How did she feel?
MASKING (Masuki): I could more or less tell that she based this picture book she made in her class at school off of RAS.
MASKING (Masuki): Whenever I think about how stiflin' school gets, thinkin' about RAS helps me hang tough.
MASKING (Masuki): That's why I realized she probably drew her picture book with the same feelin' in mind.
Marina: I see. You RAS girls go to different schools, so your band probably acts as even better support.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. Me and PAREO are probably the type of people who can't stand bein' alone.
Marina: So thanks to that incident, you were both able to learn even more about each other.
MASKING (Masuki): Right. We both got what we wanted to say off our chests, and I understand her better than before, so our fight wasn't for nothin'!
MASKING (Masuki): We'll be takin' on even bigger stages from now on, so I'm hopin' we can use experiences like this to our advantage.
Marina: Right. We'll be looking forward to RAS's future too!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. We're gonna keep powerin' up, so please look forward to it!
