1832_Masuki Sato_R4 With the Children

Gacha phrase: You all are really cute...!

<Electrifyin' Urge>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

MASKING (Masuki): Whew, just in time!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, good work, Masuki-san!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, you're late! I told you we'd have a meeting before practice today!?
LAYER (Rei): Well, well, CHU², don't be so mad. She made it at our agreed meeting time, so she's not late.
PAREO (Reona): But I'm sure you don't have a part-time job scheduled today. It's also your day off from school... Did something happen?
MASKING (Masuki): Nah, nothing like that. Actually... I was baking this. It took me longer than I thought it would.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow...! Are they cookies?
PAREO (Reona): Icing cookies! Ghosts and jack-o-lanterns, and this one is a cute little witch♪
LAYER (Rei): They look delicious. But I can't believe you were almost late because of baking cookies... Is there something special about today?
MASKING (Masuki): You all came to play with me at the downtown event the other day, didn't you?
MASKING (Masuki): But I was too busy with the kids and stuff to talk to you all properly. So I wanted to do something to make up for it.
LAYER (Rei): The Halloween event was a great success, wasn't it? I was worried that the kids would be scared of you, Masuki, but they were unexpectedly fond of you...fufu.
MASKING (Masuki): What the hell, I won't feed you cookies if you make fun of me.
LAYER (Rei): Sorry, I won't laugh anymore, so please let me have the cookies.
PAREO (Reona): Well then, shall we have some cookies Masuki-san made for us, too? Hey, CHU²-sama?
CHU² (Chiyu): Well... we're going to use our brains in the meeting from now on, it's not a bad idea to refuel sugar with cookies.
LOCK (Rokka): They are all so cute, too good to eat. This one is a bat, and this one is... LAYER-san's bass guitar!?
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, you found it right away!
MASKING (Masuki): Since it's a special opportunity, I baked some cookies with RAS motifs. It took a lot of work to recreate them.
LAYER (Rei): You're right, there is one of LOCK's guitar, too. It even has strings... The workmanship is amazing!
PAREO (Reona): Hmmm? Look! CHU²-sama's headphones! PAREO will have to have these～♪
CHU² (Chiyu): MASKING, you're still as dexterous as ever, aren't you? They taste pretty good too...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Wait, this is no time to be impressed. Come on! Let's get the meeting started!
(Black cut)

[A Few Hours Later]

CHU² (Chiyu): OK, so we've decided the general direction. I'll share the details with you after I've worked out a few more details on my end.
LAYER (Rei): Then, after a short break, we'll practice. The live show is coming up, so let's get into it!
LOCK (Rokka): Okay!... Ah, there are very few Masuki-san's cookies left. What should we do?
MASKING (Masuki): I baked these cookies for you all. Go ahead and eat them all.
PAREO (Reona): Then, PAREO will have another keyboard cookie. Ah, CHU²-sama, there's a black cat cookie.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
LAYER (Rei): What's the matter, CHU²? Got a tummy ache? Did you eat too many cookies?
CHU² (Chiyu): Don't talk to me like I'm a glutton!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... MASKING.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? What's up?
CHU² (Chiyu): How was the Halloween event? You helped with the management, right?
MASKING (Masuki): How?... Well, I guess... it was a lot of fun!
MASKING (Masuki): Everyone was serious from the preparation stage onwards, and yet seemed to be having so much fun. Their eyes were sparkling and ... they looked like they were shining.
MASKING (Masuki): On the day, they were all smiles everywhere. I guess that kind of thing is just really great!
LAYER (Rei): You make it sound like a live show.
MASKING (Masuki): ...! That's right! Rei, I knew you would understand what I'm talking about!
MASKING (Masuki): It's true that there was no live show, but the feeling I had at that event... was a little bit similar to the one I get when I'm looking at the audience from the stage during a live show.
MASKING (Masuki): The feeling that I am the one making everyone in the venue excited, that itch welling up from deep in my chest...!
LAYER (Rei): Live shows and events are the same in that they both aim to please people who come.
MASKING (Masuki): Yes! That's right!! Ah!! Now that I remember, I'm itching again!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmm... your words are too biased towards Feeling, and not enough about clarity.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... But I guess that kind of approach is also necessary to improve the perfection of the performance.
MASKING (Masuki): Hmm? What's with the mumbling? You know what I'm talking about, right? That itch welling out of your chest!...
CHU² (Chiyu): Jeez, be quiet! I'm about to come up with a great idea!
LOCK (Rokka): By “idea”... do you mean the direction... you were mentioning just now?
CHU² (Chiyu): That's one thing, but what I'm thinking about now is a new direction that makes good use of that itch.
PAREO (Reona): But then... there'll be many changes to the position, the order of the songs, and the way we enter the songs, etc.
LAYER (Rei): Then I'd also like to change the arrangement to match the direction. We don't have much time before the live show, and it's going to be a lot of work, but...
MASKING (Masuki): That's what I'm hoping for!! Let's arrange the songs to be as hot as CHU²'s direction!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Okay, I've made up my mind.
CHU² (Chiyu): We're going to start practicing right away. Please show me a more fiery RAS than ever before.


<Fluffy Mascotification>

(Character: Masuki Sato)

[Shopping Mall]

MASKING (Masuki): Yo, {{userName}}, good job. Are you shopping today?
MASKING (Masuki): I'm here to buy some candy. I gave out a lot of candy at the Halloween event, and I ran out of stock at home.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah yeah, the downtown event! It was so much fun.
MASKING (Masuki): As you probably heard from Ako and her friends, I helped organize it, too. I came up with many kinds of plans and stuff.
MASKING (Masuki): Since it was an event we discussed and prepared by ourselves, I was more than happy to see the audience getting excited.
MASKING (Masuki): On the day of the event, too, I dressed up in costume and handed out candy. The kids were soooo happy. I still remember how cute they were...
MASKING (Masuki): And everyone from RAS came to play with us. It was really fun and the best Halloween!
MASKING (Masuki): This is all thanks to the hard work of Ako and everyone in the downtown.
MASKING (Masuki): I must especially thank Ako and Himari. They fought hard on the front lines, yanno.
MASKING (Masuki): ... I've been talking too much about it. Well, it was such a good event.
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh..., you're right. It was really fun... I mean, was it really showing on my face?
MASKING (Masuki): Well, I've hardly had the chance to participate in the downtown event before.
MASKING (Masuki): I had such an experience this time, and I was probably happier than I thought I would be. I wish I had another opportunity like this.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? How about I come up with my own project...? Yeah, that's a possibility.
MASKING (Masuki): If I were to plan it, let me see, ... How about a “Fluffy Character Fest”?
MASKING (Masuki): It's a different one from the previous Fluffy Character Championship. We'll invite a lot of Fluffy Characters to the downtown.
MASKING (Masuki): There are so many fluffy characters here and there. Isn't it cute just to imagine it? It's like a dream!
MASKING (Masuki): As well as shows and events, you might see Fluffy Characters shopping around there.
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, yeah! We'll change the interior of the store to look like Fluffy Characters, and create limited-time menu items in collaboration with each character...
MASKING (Masuki): But wouldn't that be too big a deal? It took quite a while to prepare for the Halloween event this time, too...
MASKING (Masuki): Hmm? Well, then I'd get serious about it. Like the Halloween event this time, I want lots of people to have fun.
MASKING (Masuki): If we do hold this event, please come with Marina-san. We'll definitely make it a fun event!
MASKING (Masuki): Once that's decided, I'll have to get serious about planning. I might as well ask Himari some questions.
MASKING (Masuki): It was fun talking with you today. See you later!
