1836_Masuki Sato_R5 Even to Hell

Gacha phrase: Isn't that the kinda person our producer is supposed to be, CHU²?

<Tomoe's Advice>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Masuki Sato)

[Galaxy Ramen]

MASKING (Masuki): Thanks for comin'! Hope to see you again!
MASKING (Masuki): Phew~... That's the last of the customers for now...
MASKING (Masuki): (Still no word from CHU², huh...? She's probably visitin' one of the event management companies right around now.)
Tomoe: Hey! No phone while you're on the clock, remember?
MASKING (Masuki): Whoa?! When'd you show up, Tomoe?!
Tomoe: Ahaha, you look way more surprised than you should. And why wouldn't I be here? It's almost time for my shift.
MASKING (Masuki): For real...? Sigh~, I didn't realize at all.
Tomoe: Gotta say, it's rare to catch you staring at your phone with such a serious look on your face.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, well, there's some stuff goin' on...
Tomoe: Stuff doesn't say much. What's the matter?
MASKING (Masuki): Hmm~... Not sure how to put it.
Tomoe: What? If it's something you can talk about, I'll lend you an ear.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Well, I guess I can tell you. You see...
(Black cut)
Tomoe: I see... I had no idea RAS was in that kind of a situation.
Tomoe: Oh, and don't worry. I won't tell anyone. You've got my word.
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks... You know how CHU² is. She wouldn't want too many folks to know.
Tomoe: No meaning to music that can't make money, though, huh...? I guess there are a surprising number of people who think that way.
Tomoe: Afterglow actually got into similar trouble before.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh, this is news to me.
Tomoe: Yeah. We passed the audition for an event, but we just couldn't agree with how this producer viewed things.
Tomoe: They didn't care how good you were at music as long as you weren't awful. For them, what mattered was accomplishments and the ability to draw a crowd.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? What's the point of an audition if you don't even care how good someone is?
Tomoe: Haha, I know, right? I had a feeling you'd say that. Anyway, we gave the producer a piece of our mind, and that led to a bit of a situation.
Tomoe: For a while, no events would touch us 'cause of our reputation as troublemakers. That was definitely a frustrating time, to say the least.
MASKING (Masuki): What a load of crap. You guys did nothin' wrong.
Tomoe: Yeah, we don't think we said anything wrong either. The same goes for what CHU² said to that CEO, wouldn't you say?
MASKING (Masuki): True... I don't think CHU² was in the wrong either.
Tomoe: Gotta say, though, it really sucks when someone's trying to mess with you, huh?
MASKING (Masuki): That's part of it for sure, but... All I can do is lend an ear, you know?
MASKING (Masuki): She's goin' around doin' everythin' she can for RAS... and all I can do is twiddle my thumbs. That's the really frustratin' part.
MASKING (Masuki): Argh~! Isn't there anythin' I can do?!
Tomoe: ... That's enough!
MASKING (Masuki): Ow?!
MASKING (Masuki): What was that for?! You damn near broke my spine, you crazy brute!
Tomoe: Hahaha. Seeing as you can get that mad, you should be fine.
Tomoe: Pull yourself together, Masuki. Losing heart won't help anyone.
Tomoe: I know you said you can't help, but you already know what you have to do.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
Tomoe: Lend an ear. You said it yourself, remember?
Tomoe: Be there to accept all the feelings CHU²'s struggling with, stuff like her frustration, her anger at being treated unfairly, her pain, all of it.
Tomoe: Just having someone there who can accept her true feelings without wavering should put her mind at ease quite a bit.
MASKING (Masuki): You think...? Is that really goin' to be enough though...?
Tomoe: She's RAS's backbone. I bet her feeling better will have a positive effect on you guys as a whole.
Tomoe: Besides, you'd wanna be there for one of your own no matter what their feelings may be, right?
MASKING (Masuki): ... So me listenin' to CHU² will help her, huh?
Tomoe: Yup. This is advice you can trust for sure, after all, I've been in a band since middle school. You'd do well to listen to advice from a true band vet like me.
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks, Tomoe. I'm glad I got to talk to you about it. I'm feelin' a lot better.
Tomoe: Anytime. See? Told you just talking can help.
MASKING (Masuki): Haha, yeah!
Tomoe: Besides, there'd be no fun in beating the crap out of you if you showed up during the GBT in your current sorry state.
MASKING (Masuki): That's what you think. You guys better not get eliminated until the finals, either, alright?
Tomoe: You bet! See you in the finals.
Customer A: Man, I'm starving~! Could I get a fried rice set?
Customer B: I'll have a ramen with extra pork and scallions, please!
MASKING (Masuki): Hi there! We'll have your order ready in no time!
Tomoe: Haha, now that was a nice loud welcome. Keep it up!
MASKING (Masuki): Hehe... Please sit down and make yourselves comfortable right here.


<Even If It’s Just a Single Step>

(Character: Masuki Sato)

[Downtown]

Marina: We could both really use some food, huh? Want to grab a bite? I'm in the mood for a pretty solid meal today.
MASKING (Masuki): Marina-san, {{userName}}. Hi!
Marina: Oh, Masuki-chan! Hey.
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks so much for lettin' us leave flyers at CiRCLE the other day.
Marina: No problem. We'll gladly help with something like that anytime. Besides, most of the flyers are gone now anyway. RAS really is popular!
MASKING (Masuki): I see. Then that means things were still in that state even after all those people took our flyers, huh...?
Marina: Oh, I heard from CHU²-chan the other day that ticket sales didn't go too great this time around.
MASKING (Masuki): For real?! She told you about that? I wonder what got into her...
MASKING (Masuki): But, um, yeah... We had a lot of empty seats due to some trouble.
Marina: It must've been rough. Selling tickets tends to be an issue that bands tend to struggle with, but this is the first time it was a problem for RAS.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. We've always left the promotin' and advertisin' to CHU².
MASKING (Masuki): We wanted to help this time, though, so we tried sellin' tickets personally and askin' the livehouses we knew if we could leave flyers...
MASKING (Masuki): None of it amounted to much though. Really showed me just how amazin' what CHU²'s been doin' has been.
Marina: Yeah, she really is an incredible producer if you ask me. That said, I don't think the work you did went to waste, Masuki-chan.
MASKING (Masuki): I dunno. It doesn't feel like it was any help.
Marina: You may not have filled every seat in the end, but it's still important to make an effort.
Marina: Even if it was just one person, your actions are what convinced them to make the time to show up. There's no way something like that could be meaningless.
Marina: ... Uh, at least that's what I think... I'm sorry if I seemed like I was on a high horse.
MASKING (Masuki): It didn't come across that way at all. In fact, I think you're right. You're tryin' to say that puttin' in consistent effort matters, aren't you?
Marina: Basically. Even if it's one step at a time, sticking to it is important. A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, after all, right?
MASKING (Masuki): With a single step... Yeah!
MASKING (Masuki): We've got a big dream we're gunnin' for right now. Ain't no way we're steppin' back 'cause of a little trouble.
MASKING (Masuki): The fact that people loved our show is proof that we took a giant step forward!
Marina: Fufu, being able to put on a show like that despite the circumstances shows what you girls are made of!
MASKING (Masuki): Also, if we can't even deal with a little speedbump like this, there's no way we can change the world, is there?
MASKING (Masuki): ... There probably will be more obstacles up ahead, so we gotta be ready to plow through all of them!
Marina: That's the spirit! We'll keep wishing you the best, Masuki-chan.
MASKING (Masuki): Much appreciated!
MASKING (Masuki): Anyway, I've got work, so I'll be goin' now.
Marina: You know what, why don't we have lunch at Galaxy Ramen. Do you mind if we tag along?
MASKING (Masuki): Not at all! I'll make sure to throw in somethin' extra too!
