2263_Masuki Sato_R5 Raindrops from Blue Skies

Gacha phrase: Whoa, the rain’s picking up fast!

<A Rainy Forecast Pt. 1>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Masuki Sato)

[Shopping Mall - Knick-knack Shop]

Tomoe: Hmm~... This bag might be a little too big.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, too big. I mean, it’s just a small treat to say thanks, right? You only borrowed a textbook.
Tomoe: True, something like a snack from the convenience store might be just right.
MASKING (Masuki): Then go with this plastic one. Simple’s better.
Tomoe: Yeah, I’ll do that. If it’s too fancy, it might just make them feel awkward.
Tomoe: Find anything good on your end? You’re putting snacks in it for school, right?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. A junior gave me some really fancy sweets the other day, so I wanna return the favor with something just as nice, starting from the wrapping.
Tomoe: You guys are always trading handmade sweets at school. Is that, like... some kinda tradition at Shirayuki?
MASKING (Masuki): Tradition? Hmm... I guess it’s kinda like how you eat store-bought snacks at Haneoka? Same kinda vibe.
MASKING (Masuki): I try to give back something about the same level, or even more effort—you know, to show respect and make sure I return the favor properly—don’t wanna look like I’m taking it lightly.
Tomoe: I kinda get that... But I’ve only ever heard people talk like that in delinquent manga.
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, don’t go calling me a delinquent.
Tomoe: Ahaha, my bad, my bad. So what are you making this time?
MASKING (Masuki): Busse. I’m planning to make six pretty big ones, but finding a good-sized bag’s been tricky...
Tomoe: What about a box instead of a bag?
Tomoe: You could buy small ones and wrap them individually, or get a bigger one and put all six in together...
Tomoe: I used a box too when I gave some of Tsugu’s sweets to my dance club juniors after they gave me birthday gifts.
MASKING (Masuki): A box, huh... That could work. Let’s see... Yeah, this size might be just right.
MASKING (Masuki): Keep the color simple, like white... And since they always use pink handkerchiefs and stuff, I’ll go with a pink ribbon.
MASKING (Masuki): Then I’ll need a message card, a paper bag to carry it in... And a sticker to seal the lid.
Tomoe: Wow... You really think through all the little details when it comes to gifts, huh?
MASKING (Masuki): “You do too,” huh?
Tomoe: No, I mean, I’m the same. When I’m giving something to someone, I end up worrying about the tiny stuff too.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, that’s totally you.
Tomoe: The girls in Afterglow always tease me, saying it’s all about love and stuff.
MASKING (Masuki): As for me, the RAS crew always says, “You only get picky about this kinda stuff.”
MASKING (Masuki): Especially PAREO and LOCK. Those two are always kind of nitpicky.
Tomoe: Huh, that’s a surprise. I mean, I get it with PAREO—she seems super precise—but even Rokka too?
MASKING (Masuki): Hmm, maybe calling LOCK nitpicky isn’t quite right, but she does have a lot to say.
MASKING (Masuki): Like what... Hm?
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, it’s from LOCK. “It just started raining—do you have an umbrella?”
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, apparently it’s raining.
Tomoe: Huh? Yeah. Wait—don’t tell me you didn’t bring an umbrella, Masuki?
Tomoe: Weather said 90% chance of rain today, y’know.
MASKING (Masuki): You’re kidding me!? It was sunny just a second ago!
Tomoe: Don’t you have band practice after this? You should at least check the weather on days like that.
Tomoe: Maybe the reason Rokka says stuff to you... is exactly because of things like this?
MASKING (Masuki): Don’t you start too...
Tomoe: Ahaha!
Tomoe: So, what now? We’re probably running out of time, yeah?
MASKING (Masuki): Whoa, it’s that late already? Let’s just grab the wrapping stuff and get outta here.
MASKING (Masuki): I’ll figure out the umbrella situation once we’re outside.
Tomoe: Eh, it’s kinda late to think about that after we’re outside. I’m not walking in the same direction, so I can’t share mine.
MASKING (Masuki): It’s fine, getting a little wet won’t kill me. Anyway... what else do I need to buy...?
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, that’s everything. Come on, Tomoe, let’s hit the register!


<A Rainy Forecast Pt. 2>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato)

[10 Minutes Later]

MASKING (Masuki): Good, it’s still just a light drizzle. I should be able to walk to CHU²’s place like this.
Tomoe: You sure? It’s kinda far.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, I’ll be fine. Even if I get a little wet, I can just take a bath when I get there.
Tomoe: You’re already assuming you’ll use her bath... Well, just don’t catch a cold, alright?~ You’ve got work tomorrow.
MASKING (Masuki): Got it. See you tomorrow. Good luck at practice.
Tomoe: You too, Masuki~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

MASKING (Masuki): Whoa, the rain’s picking up fast!
MASKING (Masuki): Guess I’ll have to buy an umbrella at the convenience store...!
???: Masuki-san!
MASKING (Masuki): Hm?
LOCK (Rokka): Oh good~! I finally found you!
MASKING (Masuki): LOCK!?
LOCK (Rokka): Um—here...! Please get under my umbrella...!
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks, but... what are you doing out here?
LOCK (Rokka): You didn’t reply to my message, so...
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, right... I forgot. My bad.
LOCK (Rokka): It’s okay, really...!
LOCK (Rokka): I figured... or rather, I was sure you probably didn’t have an umbrella...
LOCK (Rokka): If you were heading to practice, I thought you’d be walking around here around now.
LOCK (Rokka): I brought a big enough umbrella for the two of us, so I’m glad I guessed right. Let’s go together.
MASKING (Masuki): LOCK, you’re...
LOCK (Rokka): Yes?
MASKING (Masuki): Kind of a nag... or maybe overprotective...?
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? What was that? Sorry, it’s hard to hear over the rain...
MASKING (Masuki): It’s nothing. Gimme the umbrella.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, but it’s mine, so I’ll carry it!
MASKING (Masuki): I’m the one you’re sharing it with, so I’ll carry it. Plus, I’m taller.
LOCK (Rokka): Then... okay, I’ll let you...
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah.
LOCK (Rokka): What did you buy at the shopping mall with Tomoe-senpai?
MASKING (Masuki): Stuff like a box and ribbon to put sweets in for a junior at school.
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, LOCK—you like busse?
LOCK (Rokka): Busse...? You mean the dessert?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. I’m making some soon. Chocolate cream ones and strawberry jam ones.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, that sounds awesome! Those are definitely gonna be delicious!
MASKING (Masuki): Then I’ll bring you some as thanks for the umbrella.
LOCK (Rokka): Eh!? Oh, wait—I didn’t mean it like that...! That’s way too much for something like this!
MASKING (Masuki): But honestly...?
LOCK (Rokka): I really wanna eat them~...!
MASKING (Masuki): Ahaha! Just say it from the start.
MASKING (Masuki): Looks like I’ll need to go buy more wrapping stuff again.
LOCK (Rokka): Uh... Please don’t go out of your way for me...!
MASKING (Masuki): I’m doing it because I want to, so it’s fine.
LOCK (Rokka): Really...? Then I’ll look forward to it!
LOCK (Rokka): The sweets you make are always amazing!
MASKING (Masuki): Haha. I’ll make them extra special, so get ready.
(White cut)
(Background change)
