event318-07 Ending: A Warmth Like Sunlight

The morning after practice, Mashiro runs into Tsukushi and shares her thoughts on yesterday's performance-

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

[The Next Day]

Mashiro: ...Ah, Tsukushi-chan! Good day!
Tsukushi: Good day, Mashiro-chan! You look like you're in a good mood.
Mashiro: Ehehe... I was thinking about everyone's performance yesterday. It was really wonderful.
Tsukushi: Fufu, I'm glad! But that was thanks to you, Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: Me...?
Tsukushi: ...You know...
Tsukushi: ...When we walked home together, I finally realized it after hearing what you said.
Tsukushi: ...Maybe I wasn't really facing my own sparkle head-on.
Mashiro: Um...?
Tsukushi: It means believing in the me that everyone recognized.
Mashiro: Ah...
Tsukushi: The other day, when I tried to add an arrangement and messed it up, remember? ...I think I must've been rushing then.
Tsukushi: Toko-chan's guitar has gotten so much better. And our lives have been getting way more exciting than before.
Tsukushi: And then we were given a new score. Toko-chan and Nanami-chan said it was hard, but my part wasn't that bad...
Tsukushi: Somehow, I felt like I was the only one being left behind.
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan...
Tsukushi: ...And, you know... I wanted to play in a way that really catches the audience's eye, just like everyone else.
Tsukushi: Up till now, everyone’s recognized my sparkle, and I thought I accepted that sparkle in myself, but...
Tsukushi: ...Deep down, I was always searching for a sparkle I didn’t have.
Tsukushi: Like... "I should be able to shine even more"...
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: ...But I guess my sparkle wasn’t there, after all.
Tsukushi: What I really needed to do was cherish the sparkle I already have, right now.
Tsukushi: Look, it’s in our school motto, isn’t it?
Mashiro: "Your sparkle lights the way"...
Tsukushi: Yeah... I’ve started thinking that maybe these words also mean... if you turn away from your own sparkle, you can’t even see the path.
Tsukushi: That’s what it might be saying.
Tsukushi: ...I took the long way around, though.
Mashiro: But... I don’t think what you’ve been doing all this time was wrong...!
Tsukushi: Fufu, thanks! I don’t think it was a mistake either.
Tsukushi: Even if my shine isn't what I thought it would be, after getting lost so many times, and struggling so much...
Tsukushi: It's a shine I earned because of all that, so I think I can keep walking this path with my head held high.
Tsukushi: And...
(White cut)
Tsukushi: At the end of the road my shine lights up, I'm sure there'll be a brand-new shine waiting for me!
Mashiro: ...!
Tsukushi: Maybe that shine won't be what I want, either...
Tsukushi: But this time, I want to make sure I treasure it.
Tsukushi: Because this is the radiance everyone believed in...!
Mashiro: (Ah...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: ...Uh, sorry! I just went off on a whole speech out of nowhere...!
Mashiro: No... I thought it was really cool.
Mashiro: ...Yesterday, during our performance, you looked a little lonely, Tsukushi-chan.
Mashiro: ...But you were already looking ahead, huh.
Tsukushi: Hey~! If you take it that seriously, I'm gonna get even more embarrassed!
Mashiro: Ahaha, sorry...!
Tsukushi: ...Oh, we might've been walking a little too slow! Come on, Mashiro-chan, let's hurry!
Mashiro: Yeah...!
Mashiro: ...Hehe.
Tsukushi: Huh?! Why are you laughing? Wait, are you only just now realizing I was totally going on and on~?!
Mashiro: No, nothing like that.
Mashiro: ...It's just... Tsukushi-chan really is dazzling.
(White cut)
(Background change)
