event216-06 Chapter 12: To Our Youthful Days

People can be seen all over the school trying to spend more time together.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Lisa: Sob, Moca~! Even though I've graduated, we'll be friends forever, okay~?
Moca: Ahaha~, you're crying too much~, Lisa-san. There, there, I give you permission to cry in my arms~.
Lisa: Sob~... Oh, I just remembered...! Give me a sec.
Moca: ...? What are you doing? Why are you removing your tie?
Lisa: Here... If you want it. I want you to have my tie.
Lisa: I mean... you are my special underclassman.
Moca: ... No fair~. That's so not fair, Lisa-san...
Lisa: Are you... crying?
Moca: ... Sniff... These aren't tears~... My eyes are just sweating~.
Lisa: Ahaha, that's such a cliché~☆ I didn't know you could be so cute.
Moca: It's not my fault... 'cause I really like you too~...
Lisa: Sob~... Moca~!
Moca: Ahh! Give me a warning before you hug me~.
Lisa: But I also really like you~! You don't mind if it's just for today, right~?
Moca: I-I'm being strangled~... Hmm? Looks like there's some commotion over there. It reminds me of the huge downtown New Year's sale~.
Lisa: Wow, that's a lot of people! What could possibly... Oh, never mind, there's only one thing it could be...
Kaoru: Ah, my little kittens... Please calm yourselves, I beg of you...
Himari: Mmf~! S-stop pushing so much~! Ah~, Kaoru-senpai is so far away~.
Moca: Oh, I spot a Hii-chan being swallowed by the crowd.
Kaoru: Such burning passion, my little kittens... How fleeting. However... please calm yourselves. I, Kaoru Seta, am here, and I intend to devote my time to each of you.
Maya: Phew... Thank goodness everyone finally calmed down. Are you okay, Uehara-san?
Himari: Gasp... I-I'm alive~. Thank you so much, Maya-senpai, Kaoru-senpai. Umm, so... about the second button...
Kaoru Fan A: Yes, that's the one thing all of us here would like to know. Who gets to receive the second button of your jacket, Kaoru-sama?
Lisa: Wait... Is this a brawl over who gets Kaoru's second button?! Th-this is bad~!
Kaoru: Greetings, Lisa and Moca-chan. I heard you mention a brawl, but fear not, however. Look within this bag.
Lisa: ...? What's inside...? Whoa, that's a lot of Haneoka uniform buttons~.
Moca: Is this supposed to be your spare button collection~?
Kaoru: These are no spare buttons, Moca-chan.
Kaoru: Rain, shine, or winds dancing with flower petals, I have changed my second button every day since enrolling. All the buttons before you are my second buttons... It is...
Moca: It is...!
Kaoru: ... But that.
Lisa: Wh-what...?! Are you telling me you've been planning ahead for the graduation ceremony all the way from back when you were a first-year?!
Moca: You really are the Prince of Haneoka~.
Maya: A normal person never would've come up with such an idea. I guess the fact that you did is very like you, though, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: Fufu, but of course. For the little kittens to know sorrow over a single button must never be...
Kaoru: Now then, Himari-chan. Your hand, if you will.
Himari: This is Kaoru-senpai's second button... It's so shiny... I'll treasure it for the rest of my life...!
Kaoru: That is the expression I wish to see.
Kaoru: The little kittens from Hanasakigawa and other schools will surely be pleased as well... Ah, how careless of me. Here are your buttons, of course.
Lisa: Fufu, thanks~, Kaoru! Oh yeah. Since we're all here, we should take a picture☆
Himari: Oh~, great idea! We should totally do that!
Maya: Wait, where's Minato-san, by the way?
Lisa: Hmm~. I think I know where she is.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Ran: ... The strong winds here will ruin your bouquet.
Yukina: True. I had hoped to enjoy the view from here a bit longer, but I suppose I should return.
Ran: Minato-san... Uh... Studying in college probably won't be easy, so give it your best shot.
Yukina: I intend to.
Ran: I'll never forget... what you said at the joint show, so...
Yukina: Yes, let's fully dedicate ourselves to forging ahead along our respective paths. I will be looking forward to when the time comes again someday.
Ran: Me too...!
Yukina & Ran: ... ... Hey.
Yukina: Ako, Udagawa-san. How long do you intend to try to remain hidden there?
Tomoe: Oh, you noticed?
Ako: Grr, to think that you would see through my, Demon Princess Ako's, concealment spell, Invisible Barrier! Well done, indeed, Yukina-san and Ran-chan!
Ran: With the door being ajar like that so unnaturally, anyone would've noticed. You should've just said something.
Tomoe: Ahaha... Well~, it felt like the wrong time to barge in~.
Yukina: I see. We've already finished saying what needed to be said though. So, Ako, you came here for a reason, I assume.
Ako: Yeah, everyone's getting together for pictures! Come on, Yukina-san!
Yukina: A-alright. Ako, I get it. Could you stop pulling so much?
Tomoe: ... You didn't cry.
Ran: Huh? What's that supposed to mean? Of course I didn't.
Tomoe: Figures. My bad. I just thought it'd be a lot harder for you since I'm feeling this sad...
Ran: I left all my tears behind that day... I won't cry anymore.
Tomoe: ... Ran~!
Ran: Hey! Don't just suddenly hug me.
Tomoe: Hmm? No real reason. I was just thinking that graduating from things one by one is how we'll become adults.
Ran: Huh? That makes no sense at all. Anyway, enough of this. Let's go. We have a photo to be in, right?
Tomoe: Yeah, everyone's waiting. Let's hurry up and go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Kanon: Sayo-chan. Umm, I'd like you to write a message in my graduation album... Do you think you could do that?
Sayo: Yes, certainly. Will the last page do?
Kanon: Mhm, that'll be great. Thank you.
Kanon: I had Kokoro-chan write a message just now too. See, here.
Chisato: Hmm... "Kanon, I enjoyed school with you so much! Let's keep looking together for things that'll make us smile!"
Chisato: Is that drawing next to the message... supposed to be a sun? Fufu, it definitely has her signature energy.
Kanon: Fufufu, I know, right? During the party, I'm also thinking of asking the Haneoka girls to write messages. I want to fill up this entire page.
Sayo: I see... In that case, perhaps you could write a message to yourself as well.
Kanon: To myself?
Sayo: I once wrote a postcard for my future self, and I remember how it inspired me very much when I reread it before an important event.
Chisato: Interesting. So, in other words... a time capsule for your future self.
Sayo: Besides, I believe there are thoughts and aspirations that one can only write down now. Having a record of those things may come to help you someday.
Kanon: That's true. Wow, I'm starting to feel kind of excited.
Chisato: Fufu, I believe I'll address a message to my future self as well. Sayo-chan, why don't you write one too?
Sayo: Of course. I was the one who made the suggestion, after all.
Kanon: My future self... I wonder what I'll be like.
Chisato: Yes. The next time we open our albums may be years or even decades from now. Fufu, I wonder what will prompt us to take a look.
Sayo: Perhaps it will be the desire to once again see how the people we are "now" felt.
Kanon: The feelings I have and the anticipation I feel over the future as the person I am now... Alright, I think I'm getting an idea of what I want to write.
Kanon: ... Dear future Kanon Matsubara-san...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Rinko: Ichigaya-san... Okusawa-san... Thank you for taking part in the graduation ceremony...
Misaki: It was a pleasure. That was a great speech, Rinko-senpai.
Arisa: Both your speech and piano performance were amazing. I almost cried while listening.
Misaki: Almost? Don't you mean you were crying?
Arisa: What?! Th-there's no way you would've been able to see from where your seat was, Okusawa-san. It's all in your head, I'm teling you!
Rinko: Fufu... Thank you very much... Ichigaya-san, your emceeing... helped make it... a truly wonderful graduation ceremony.
Rinko: ... The way you looked straight ahead... and spoke with such clarity and strength... was very admirable...
Rinko: I imagine... you were quite nervous during your farewell speech... but despite that... I clearly felt the sincerity of your feelings and the message... you dedicated to us.
Arisa: ... N-no~, I didn't really do anything to deserve such praise... Haha.
Rinko: Ichigaya-san... I'm very grateful to you...
Arisa: What?
Rinko: Being with you... is what allowed me to take... my "small steps forward..." Thank you... very much... I enjoyed our time together.
Arisa: Sob... R-Rinko-senpai...!
Arisa: Sniff... I-I'm sorry. This is so weird. I wasn't planning to cry, but...
Misaki: Give in already. Everyone's crying today anyway.
Arisa: Easy enough for you to say~! At least you get to be all cool and composed!
Misaki: Cool and composed? Actually... this is all hitting me pretty hard...
Rinko: ... I'm very excited... for Hanaskigawa's new student council... I wish you the best.
Arisa & Misaki: ... Thank you!
Arisa: Sob... R-Rinko-senpai~! Thank you so much for everything... Thank you so, so much...
Rinko: It's been a pleasure...! And thank you...
Kasumi: Rinko-senpai~! Wanna take some pictures together~? Oh, Misaki-chan, you're also here~. Wait, Arisa too?
Misaki: Ahh~! Stop where you are~, Toyama-san! Do you mind waiting there for just a tiny bit?
Kasumi: Huh~? Why, why~?
Misaki: Uh, why? Because~...
Arisa: Oh, I'm fine now. Thanks, Okusawa-san. Shall we go, then, Rinko-senpai.
Rinko: ... Yes... Let's go.
(White cut)
