event216-07 Ending: Graduation ~To the Future~

The graduates say goodbye to their schools. "Thank you. We'll be going now!"

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Astronomy Club]

Hina: ... "Welcome to the Astronomy Club! This room is full of hidden mysteries and excitement~. You should really try to find them!"
Hina: Fufu, I wonder what the next person who joins will be like~. Maybe they'll be weird, too, 'cause everyone who's joined the club was apparently weird~.
Hina: "Even if you're the only member, don't worry! Everything will be fine as long as you submit records of the club's activities to the student council."
Tsugumi: Ah, Hina-senpai. So this is where you've been.
Hina: Hmm? What is it, Tsugu-chan?
Tsugumi: We're all joining Lisa-senpai and everyone to take some photographs. Would you like to join us?
Hina: Wow, nice~! I'll be done soon.
Tsugumi: Okay. We'll be in the courtyard then.
Hina: Oh, I just remembered~! There's something I've been absolutely wanting to tell you.
Tsugumi: Wh-what might it be? Nothing too outrageous, I hope.
Hina: Hey~, stop worrying~. I just want you to know that I've got super high hopes for you.
Hina: I've always been really amazed by your Tsugurifics, you know~?
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai...
Hina: That's why my gut is telling me that things at Haneoka are going to be a whole lot more fun! So just keep being you and being Tsugurific, okay?
Tsugumi: Thank you very much... I'll... do my best...
Tsugumi: Instead of school being a place where we have to try to fit in, I'm going to try to make the school fit us... so that it can be a place where everyone feels boppin'...♪
Hina: Nice, you're already being Tsugurific...! Wait, are you crying?
Tsugumi: N-no, I'm not. Anyway, please come to the courtyard as soon as you can, okay...?
Hina: Wait, Tsugu-chan. I thought we weren't supposed to run in the halls~.
Hina: ... Let's see. "Alrighty. What happens from here on out is in your hands, future club person! Take good care of the club♪"
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Archery Range]

Chisato: This might be my first time actually coming inside all the way. It's a lot more spacious than I expected.
Sayo: I apologize for making you accompany me. I simply wished to take one last look at this location...
Chisato: Don't worry. That just goes to show how special this place is to you. I have to say, the quiet, solemn atmosphere reminds me of the shrines in Kyoto.
Sayo: ... Coming here really does make me focus.
Sayo: Shirasagi-san. Since we are here, would you like to try drawing a bow?
Chisato: I think I'll pass. I've heard that doing so properly takes training... Although...
Chisato: If I do ever end up playing a character that handles a bow, do you think you could show me then?
Sayo: Fufu, understood. I will gladly help when that happens.
Chisato: I imagine you would be strict yet thorough and precise with your instructions. You probably had the trust of the younger club members.
Chisato: I... never belonged to any clubs in middle or high school. If I had, my time in high school might have been quite different.
Sayo: A single different choice is all it would have taken to alter where we are now. Perhaps we would have ended up never speaking to each other during these three years.
Chisato: Yes. I might have sacrificed my school attendance in favor of devoting myself to acting and received an award for best actress in a leading role, fufufu.
Sayo: Shirasagi-san... Despite what you are saying, I get the impression that you believe there can be no better path than the one you have chosen.
Chisato: I won't deny that. Although, it's no different for you, isn't it, Sayo-chan?
Chisato: I expected high school life to be an endless cycle of dull, predictable days... What I got were days that were lively and chaotic... but also rewarding in so many ways.
Chisato: I never even imagined I would get to feel this way when I graduate.
Sayo: Likewise.
Chisato & Sayo: Fufufu.
Sayo: Anyhow, shall we go now?
Chisato: Yes. We do have these lovely guidebooks, after all. Let's make sure we fully enjoy the graduation party.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tomoe: Hey, isn't that Seta-senpai down there? Haha, it's so obvious 'cause it's the only place that looks like there's a festival going on~.
Ran: She's definitely one incredible upperclassman.
Himari: Sigh~, they've all graduated~...
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, are you sure you don't have to be down there to see them off?
Himari: Yeah, here's fine.
Tomoe: ... We should go help set up the graduation party in a bit.
Ran: True, leaving all the work to Kasumi and the others wouldn't be right. But... you guys mind if we stay here just a bit longer?
Ran: I wanna take in this view a bit more.
Moca: Agreed~. I feel the same way~.
Himari: ... Yeah, me too.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Lisa: Gee~, can't believe I left something behind~☆ Ahaha, of course no one's here. Figures...
Lisa: ... No one...
Lisa: Not even that long ago, just a few hours ago, we were all sitting here...
Lisa: Saying stuff like "Lisa~, did you watch yesterday's stream?" or "Math is due today?! Seriously?! I'm so in trouble~." Getting all excited over such little things...
Lisa: And then the teacher would arrive, and we'd sit down in a hurry. They'd say, "Alright, time to take attendance~. Lisa Imai~?" and I'd reply, "... Here!"
Lisa: It's all over.
Lisa: ... Bye-bye!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Congratulations on graduating today. Dear upperclassmen, it brings us joy from the bottom of our hearts to be here to celebrate your special day.
Tsugumi: Ever since the day we entered high school, you have always been there before us, always so dependable.
Arisa: When our new chapter in life had begun, leaving us lost and uneasy, you offered your gentle, though at times tough, guidance. For this, we are grateful.
Tsugumi: Together, we struggled and inspired each other to grow. Our days were about moving straight ahead toward the dream we shared.
Arisa: Together, we challenged ourselves, cried, had fun, and laughed. Our days were full of enjoyment.
Arisa & Tsugumi: We will never forget.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: What we have inherited from you as your underclassmen, we will treasure and endeavor to pass on to the future.
Tsugumi: Those of us who are remaining here will do our best so that we may continue to hold our heads high before you! We hope you will always have great expectations for us.
Arisa: In closing, to celebrate the beginning of your new journeys and your brilliant futures, the student body would like to congratulate you.
Arisa & Tsugumi: Current students...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Students: Congratulations on your graduation!
Graduates: Thank you very much!
(White cut)
