event216-02 Chapter 8: Last Walk to School

Kanon and Chisato walk to school together and spot someone at the entrance.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Kanon: And then Kokoro-chan... Oh, looks like we're here already. All of that chatting made time fly.
Chisato: Fufu, yes. Thank you for coming over to invite me, Kanon.
Kanon: No, I'm the one who wanted to walk to school with you today, so thank you for joining me.
Chisato: Hmm? That looks like Aya-chan standing in front of the entrance to the building.
Kanon: Oh, you're right. Aya-chan~, good morning.
Aya: Sniff... G-guys... Sob~, morning~...
Kanon: Wh-what's wrong? Did something happen?
Aya: I was just looking over the board with messages... and it made me tear up...
Chisato: We certainly are fortunate to have received so many messages congratulating us.
Kanon: And not just from the students either. There are ones from the teachers and members of the community. I almost cried, too, while reading them.
Kanon: "We've watched you grow as you've gone to and from school. May you remain full of life as you journey to the future. - The Hanasakigawa Shopping District."
Chisato: "Congratulations! I know how seriously you girls take band, and I'll always support you! - CiRCLE/Marina Tsukishima." Fufu... There's even one from Marina-san.
Aya: These messages are all so full of warmth and kindness. They make me realize again just how many people have watched over us... And thinking about that, it... Sob~...
Chisato: Oh, Aya-chan. If you keep this up, you won't be able to last until the ceremony. Here, use these tissues.
Aya: Sniff... Thanks, Chisato-chan.
Kanon: We really are graduating.
Aya: Kanon-chan?
Kanon: ... To tell you the truth, it hasn't hit home for me yet.
Kanon: Even after picking a new place to live and getting a suit for my college entrance ceremony... Even though I'm so happy and grateful for all these wonderful messages...
Kanon: A part of me still believes I'll be back here tomorrow and that my days in high school will still go on...
Chisato: Kanon...
Kanon: Fufu. Weird, isn't it?
Aya: It's not. I know where you're coming from, Kanon-chan.
Chisato: This place has been our everyday. It's where we've belonged. Of course you can't put something like that behind you so easily... But that's what today is for.
Kanon: Yes, it is, isn't it?
Aya: Today, we're graduating from this school...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Maya: Brr... It may be spring, but mornings sure are still chilly~...
Haneoka Student: E-excuse me! Congratulations on your graduation, Maya-senpai. You're so cute and cool, and I've always admired you!
Maya: Thank you. I feel really flattered to have you say that.
Maya: I'd like to try my best to keep being someone you can admire, so I hope I can have your support.
Haneoka Student: Of course! I'll keep supporting you... forever and ever! Anyway, please excuse me.
Maya: A green necktie... Which means she was a first-year then...
Maya: When I enrolled... I never even imagined I could be the object of someone's admiration, never mind being an idol.
Maya: Fufu, looking back, it really has been quite an interesting three years.
Maya: Hmm? That crowd over there...
Kaoru Fans: Squeal~! Kaoru-sama~! Congratulations on your graduation~!
Kaoru: My thanks, my little kittens.
Kaoru Fan A: I can't believe you'll be gone from Haneoka, Kaoru-sama... Sniff... Sob... It's no use. I can't stop myself from being sad~!
Kaoru Fan B: You're not supposed to cry! We all promised to have perfect smiles on our faces while giving Kaoru-sama a send-off! I-if you cry... I... I... Sniff...
Kaoru: To think that you had made such a vow for myself... Ah, how fleeting...
Kaoru: However, do not concern yourselves so. Whether your feelings be in the shape of a tear or a smile, there exists no feeling that I will not embrace, for that is Kaoru Seta...
Kaoru Fans: ... K-Kaoru-sama~!
Maya: Ever since coming to school became optional, there's been a parade whenever Kaoru-san shows up. Today, though, is really something else...
Kaoru: Ah, if it isn't Maya. You must excuse me, little kittens. Let us meet again after the graduation ceremony.
Maya: Good morning, Kaoru-san. I have to say you've managed to, um... attract quite a crowd again.
Kaoru: Fufu, today will be a memorable day, after all. They are simply marking the start of my new journey with a grand celebration.
Maya: True. It's a bit saddening to think about how these lively days are coming to an end, though...
Kaoru: No, it is not the end.
Maya: Hmm?
Kaoru: For I have donated to our dear school the Haneoka Theater Club's Complete DVD Box Set featuring twelve DVDs that include every scene I have ever appeared in...
Kaoru: I have also gifted CDs with complete recordings of the legendary lunchtime broadcast, "Shakespeare with Kaoru Seta" and all manner of Kaoru Seta merchandise.
Maya: Wh-when did you manage to do all of that...?
Kaoru: Most importantly, however, though physically I may be absent from Haneoka, my heart shall always be with my little kittens.
Maya: You never cease to amaze me. I guess this means the Prince of Haneoka will continue to live on.
Maya: Based on what happened earlier though... there's going to be quite the free-for-all over your jacket's second button... Are you going to be okay?
Kaoru: Fufu... Fear not, for I already have a plan.
Maya: A plan? What kind of-
Kaoru: Ah, it seems we have tarried here for too long. To our classrooms, we must go immediately.
Maya: Right, let's hurry.
(White cut)
(Background change)
