event216-04 Chapter 10: Graduation Ceremony

With various feelings in their hearts, the students wait for the ceremony.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Rokka Asahi)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Rimi: Oh~, I'm getting so nervous~.
Saya: Yeah, there's a lot more tension in the air than usual. The teachers are all wearing suits too... Maybe I should capture this atmosphere on camera as well...
Rimi: Looks like you've gotten used to being the newspaper club's go-to photographer, Saya-chan.
Saya: What~? No, it's nothing like that. They just asked me for some help, that's all. Besides, I wanted to take all sorts of pictures of the ceremony anyway.
Saya: I even took one of you, Rimi-rin. Look.
Rimi: Oh, wow, when did you do that...? My face looks so stiff though~.
Saya: Don't worry, you look really cute.
Rimi: A-are you sure? Well, okay... I'm kind of wondering about Kasumi-chan and the others though... They're still not here. Do you think they'll make it in time?
Kasumi: Pant, pant. M-made it~! The grad ceremony hasn't started yet, right?! Right?!
Saya: Kasumi! I'm so glad you made it in time~.
Kokoro: Of course we did. We ran super hard!
Misaki: Pant... Pant... Just barely...! Seriously~, why do you always have to go wandering about all over the place?!
Kokoro: So many of our students had faces like their stomachs hurt. I couldn't just ignore them.
Kokoro: Everyone should be smiling at the graduation ceremony! After all, it's the start of the Hanasakigawa Smile Graduation.
Misaki: Actually, that's not what graduation ceremonies are supposed to be like...
Kasumi: I totally understand wanting to make everyone smile though~!
Kasumi: When I thought about how I wanted everyone graduating to enjoy the party, I kept getting ideas for so many things I wanted to do... And before I knew it... it was morning.
Saya: Ahaha... We probably really should've given you a wake-up call.
Kasumi: Hold on. Where's Arisa?
Rimi: She's over there. See, that seat for the student council by the teachers. It's because she's today's emcee.
Kasumi: Hey~, Arisa~! I made it in time~... She isn't noticing at all. Hmm? It looks like she's reading a tiny piece of paper of some kind.
Arisa: The Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy Graduation Certificate Awards Ceremony will now commence... The Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy Graduation Certificate...
Saya: She looks like she's chanting a spell for some kind of ritual... I hope she's okay.
Kasumi: After yesterday's party prep, she was reading the farewell speech and emcee script the whole time... I know! Let's send Arisa our energy!
Misaki: E-energy?
Kasumi: Yeah! Extend your arm with your palm facing Arisa like this! And then think to yourself, "You can do it~, Arisa~!"
Kokoro: What a great idea! That'll make her smile for sure!
Misaki: Wait, what? I wish I knew where that certainty of yours comes from.
Rimi: Arisa-chan~, you can do it~...!
Misaki: ... Hold on, you're doing it as well, Rimi...?!
Saya: Alright~, guess I should too! You can do it~! You just have to stick to what you did during practice~, Arisa~!
Kasumi: Ah, she's looking this way! Once more, guys! Again~!
Kasumi & Kokoro & Saya & Rimi: You can do it~, Arisa~! You can do it~, Arisa-chan~!
Arisa: Cut. It. Out~!
Kasumi: We did it! Our feelings reached her!
Kokoro: Yeah! She should be okay now!
Misaki: Judging from the way her lips moved, I'm pretty sure that was a "cut it out..." Well, knowing Ichigaya-san, I'm sure she'll be fine.
(Black cut)
Arisa: (Argh, those guys~! I dunno how they could do something so embarrassing!)
Arisa: (... Well, thanks to them, I don't feel as tense anymore... Anyway, yeah...)
Arisa: (I need to show the upperclassmen how we feel. It's their graduation, after all.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Himari: Aw~, it's going to start at last...
Moca: Hmm? I was wondering why there was a red-nosed reindeer here, but looks like it's just you, Hii-chan~.
Himari: Moca, you meanie~. I don't need you to rub it in. I already know~!
Tomoe: You gonna have enough tissues, Himari? You want, I can give you some of mine.
Himari: Sniff. Thanks, Tomoe... but it's okay. I have two more boxes...
Ran: ... Nice. Seems our leader is well-prepared.
Tomoe: Yeah. Oh, looks like it's about to begin.
Tsugumi: "The graduating students are entering. Current students and guests, please welcome them with a round of applause."
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: "Opening address. Everyone, please rise."
Tsugumi: "The Haneoka Girls' Academy Graduate Certificate Awards Ceremony will now commence."
Tsugumi: "Everyone, bow. Please take your seats."
Tsugumi: "The principal will now begin awarding the diplomas."
Tsugumi: "Class 3A, Lisa Imai."
Lisa: Yes.
Tsugumi: "Yukina Minato."
Yukina: Yes.
Tsugumi: "Hina Hikawa."
Hina: Yes.
Tsugumi: "Maya Yamato."
Maya: Yes.
Tsugumi: "Kaoru Seta."
Kaoru: Yes.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: "Chisato Shirasagi."
Chisato: Yes.
Arisa: "Rinko Shirokane."
Rinko: Yes.
Arisa: "Sayo Hikawa."
Sayo: Yes.
Arisa: "Kanon Matsubara."
Kanon: Yes.
Arisa: "Aya Maruyama."
Aya: Yes.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: "Graduating students of Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy, as of this moment..."
Tsugumi: "To all third-year students of Haneoka Girls' Academy..."
Tsugumi & Arisa: "... I hereby declare that you have completed your high school curriculum. Congratulations."
(White cut)
(Background change)
