event216-01 Chapter 7: Graduation Morning

Rinko is practicing today's graduation speech when a visitor arrives.

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Rinko: As the surface of the Hanasakigawa River sparkles with the spring sunlight... the sakura that overcame the harsh winter welcomes the coming of a new season...
Rinko: Today, on this auspicious day... we...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Shirokane Residence - Rinko's Room]

Rinko: ... Phew... I think... I was able to say everything... smoothly... Although maybe I should review it once more...
Rinko: ...? Company... this early?
Ako: Morning~, Rin-rin! Sorry for coming by so suddenly.
Rinko: ... It's okay... May I ask why though...?
Ako: You see, there's something I want to give you~... Here you go! Congrats on graduating!
Rinko: Wow... What a pretty bouquet... Thank you, Ako-chan... I'll take good care of it...
Ako: You will?! Yay~! There's actually another reason I came though. I wanted to be the first one to congratulate you, but... were you busy or something?
Rinko: Don't worry... I was just rereading... my valedictory speech...
Ako: Nice! It's so you to try to prepare perfectly right up to the very end!
Rinko: No... It's not that, Ako-chan... I'm just afraid I might become really nervous...
Ako: Rin-rin...
Ako: You'll be fine! You've gained so many levels from the super-duper hard work you put into all those challenges you took on!
Ako: And even though this may be the last mission for your Student Council President final ascension class, I know you can do it!
Rinko: Last mission... It is... isn't it...? Alright... I'll go see things through to the very end...
Ako: That's the spirit! It really stinks that I won't get to listen to your speech though~.
Rinko: I imagine... Hina-san's valedictory speech... will be... quite the experience...
Ako: Me too! The entrance ceremony was really fun, so it'll probably be something super unforgettable again!
Rinko: Fufu... I wouldn't be surprised... Anyway, we should probably head out... Let's go together until we have to part ways.
Ako: Yeah, of course!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Hina: Hey~, Sis, have you seen my hanky~? The one with the alien on it~.
Sayo: It's over here. That's why I told you to have everything ready yesterday. Mom ironed it for you, by the way.
Hina: Ehehe~, sorry~.
Sayo: Seriously, Hina... Are you sure you're ready to make your valedictory speech?
Hina: Of course! I wrote and turned it in ages ago~! Oh~, but... it doesn't feel quite right anymore.
Sayo: What do you mean?
Hina: When I wrote it, I was sure I'd written the best one I could, but I'm not so sure now... That's why I'll just talk about whatever I happen to be feeling during the speech!
Sayo: ... You pulled that one during your entrance ceremony address. While I understand that Haneoka isn't strict, you shouldn't cause trouble for Hazawa-san and the faculty-
Hina: Stop worrying so much~. Anyway, now that I have my hanky, let's go!
Sayo: Wait. Your necktie is a little crooked.
Hina: Really, it is? Fix it for me, please~.
Sayo: Oh, fine... Come on and turn my way. And stand straight.
Hina: Okay~♪
Sayo: ... Don't forget to check your appearance in the mirror before you go up to speak. You have to look respectable as Haneoka's student council president.
Hina: I know, I know~. I just kinda wanted you to fix my tie for me.
Sayo: Hmm?
Hina: I mean, starting tomorrow, I won't be wearing a tie anymore, right?
Sayo: ... Yes, I suppose that's true. There. All good.
Hina: Thanks~! Oh, want me to check your ribbon for you? Never mind, yours is always nice and proper anyway~.
Sayo: ... Actually, please take a look, will you? How is it? Is it okay?
Hina: ... Mhm, just as I thought. Perfect as always!
Sayo: Alright, thank you.
Hina: Mmm~, I'm getting this fuzzy feeling in my chest! Let's hold hands today while we're going.
Sayo: You're going to be a college student soon, you know...? Well, just today.
Hina: Yay~! C'mon, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minato Residence - Entrance]

Lisa: Yukina, do you have your handkerchief? What about tissues?
Yukina: Yes, I do. Here.
Lisa: That's it? You should bring a bit more. They might see some major action.
Yukina: You mean by you, right, Lisa?
Lisa: Er... Ahaha~, that obvious?
Yukina: It doesn't exactly take a genius. You're going to do a lot of crying today anyway, aren't you...?
Lisa: Ahaha... Apologies in advance for the trouble...
Yukina: It's fine, I don't mind at all.
Yukina: Hina said your sadness comes from how much you treasure the people you've met at Haneoka... And I happen to be in agreement.
Yukina: So go ahead and cry as much as you want. After all, that's what today is for... Wait, Lisa, you...
Lisa: ... Sniff... It's not my fault~. You're the one who said stuff that made me cry~.
Yukina: That wasn't my intention... Here, use this.
Lisa: Thanks.
Yukina: Fufu. Judging from what's already happening, I should probably do as you suggested and bring some extras.
Yukina: Okay, shall we go?
Lisa: What? We still have plenty of time. Can't we take things slow? You know what today is.
Yukina: That's exactly why... At least today, at the very end, I want to slowly walk along the route to school.
Yukina: For whatever reason, I find myself wanting to do just that... Is it odd?
Lisa: Nuh-uh, not at all! It's the route we've taken to school this whole time, after all. How about we take time to share memories while we're at it?
Yukina: Okay. Shall we, then?
Lisa: Yeah, let's go!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: Today, on this auspicious day...
Rinko: ... we graduate.
(White cut)
(Background change)
