event216-03 Chapter 9: Flowering Congratulations

The current students are pinning corsages to the graduating students.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Asuka: Seriously, Rokka, hurry up! You spent way too much time picking out a corsage. The upperclassmen are waiting in the hallway, you know?
LOCK (Rokka): B-but I wanted to pick the best-looking one~. Wait for me, Asuka-chan~.
Asuka: Ah, Maya-senpai. I'm very sorry I kept you waiting. Please allow me to pin the corsage to your jacket.
Maya: Oh, Toyama-san, so you're in charge of my corsage. Thank you. Huhehe. I did the pinning last year, and I have to say it's a bit embarrassing to be on this side now.
LOCK (Rokka): Uh... Kaoru-senpai is...
Kaoru: I am here, my Cinderella. It is an honor to have you pin my corsage to my jacket.
LOCK (Rokka): P-please don't expect too much from me though! Huh...? The pin's so firm I can't get it to close...!
Asuka: Calm down, Rokka. Kaoru-senpai's fans are not going to be happy if you mess this up... Not to mention, you owe these two so much.
LOCK (Rokka): I-I don't need you to remind me~!
Kaoru: Fufu. I must say, Rokka-chan, you were a most splendid spirit captain. I have but to close my eyes, and I see it as clearly as if it had all happened yesterday.
Maya: Yes, it was amazing just how much you managed to grow.
LOCK (Rokka): No, no, it wasn't me! If the two of you hadn't been there, there's no telling what might've happened... I'm so grateful for everything you did back then!
LOCK (Rokka): I'm glad things worked out... but getting to spend time with people who were willing to think so hard for my sake... is what reminded me I was at a great school.
LOCK (Rokka): So... um... I can't really put it into words very well, but thank you very much.
Kaoru: Fufu, I have done nothing to deserve such gratitude. That said, if such is the conclusion you arrived at, then I am pleased.
LOCK (Rokka): ... So, I've been thinking... The kindness you both showed me is something that I want to be able to pass on to my underclassmen.
LOCK (Rokka): I'll do my best to try to carry on your spirit.
Maya: LOCK-san...
LOCK (Rokka): There... D-does it look okay?
Kaoru: It looks simply marvelous. I thank you, Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): Phew... Anyway, we should go now! See you again after the graduation ceremony!
Asuka: Please excuse us.
Maya: ... Carry on our spirit, huh...?
Kaoru: Fufu... It would seem you and I are reminiscing about the events of that day.
Maya: You too? I can't say I'm surprised though. The day of your final performance, just like LOCK-san, the theater club's underclassmen said they would carry on our spirit.
Kaoru: It was a performance that went so splendidly that it shall go down in the club's history. Especially memorable was the growth demonstrated by the underclassmen.
Maya: And to think they were crying and saying they would miss us until recently. When they said they would carry on our spirit, there was such a strong, bright light in their eyes.
Maya: ... They were so dependable. I knew Haneoka would continue to do well.
Maya: Fufu, maybe I just hadn't realized how much everyone had grown because we were always together.
Kaoru: ... I believe it is as you say. However, the same holds true for you. I am no exception, either, of course.
Kaoru: Though we may wish for ourselves to never change, people change. Though we may wish for the end to never arrive, time marches on.
Maya: Yes...
Kaoru: However, what we can do is keep the light of the memories we wish to hold onto alight in our hearts as we march onward. This is what I believe, anyhow.
Maya: Kaoru-san... I-I'm sorry... Haha, I know it's before the ceremony, but... Sniff...
Kaoru: Worry not, Maya. If you wish, my arms shall be yours for as long as you require.
Kaoru: As Shakespeare himself did once say... "If the lesser cuckoo does not cry, wait until it cries."
Maya: That definitely wasn't by Shakespeare, but... Fufu, thank you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3B]

Aya: Maybe this angle? Hmm~, I think the corsage should be more visible. A bit more from the upper left then~... V sign~☆
Aya: Yeah, I like this! Let's see~... #GradCeremony, #PinnedCorsage, #LastDayOfHighSchool...
Hagumi: Ah, Aya-senpai! There you are~! Eve-chin, O-Tae, over here, over here~!
Aya: Oh, what's up, guys? I thought you finished pinning the corsages.
Eve: We came because there is something we would like to give you, Aya-san!
Tae: Here you go!
Aya: Wait... a graduation party guidebook?! Really?! You made a guidebook for the party?
Hagumi & Eve & Tae: Yes! Yeah!
Aya: Wow, that's so sweet. Thank you~! It's so colorful and cute~.
Hagumi: Eve-chin wrote the letters on the cover! Doesn't it make it cool, like a ninja scroll?
Tae: And I drew the rabbits on the cover! They're hopping to celebrate everyone's graduation.
Eve: I'm aware I already sent you a message about the party, but Hagumi-san suggested a guidebook would make things more fun.
Hagumi: Aya-senpai! Look inside!
Aya: Let's see... "What to Bring: The willingness to have a great time." Fufu, looks like I'm all set for the party then~.
Hagumi: Yay~! We based ours on the ones you and Kano-chan-senpai made!
Aya: Wow, the ones from back then? Huh... Fufu, I feel kind of flattered.
Tae: We'll be waiting for you at CiRCLE after the graduation ceremony! There'll be tons of great food, snacks, and drinks too.
Eve: Everything was prepared by everyone in the Girls Band Party who isn't graduating. Rest assured that you will have an amazing time!
Aya: Alright, I'm looking forward to it a lot. And thanks, you guys.
Tae: You'll be really amazed too! We've prepared a super special surprise-
Hagumi: Ahh, O-Tae! Shh! It won't be a surprise anymore if you say it now!
Eve: H-Hagumi-san! Tae-san! Umm, about that, well~...
Aya: D-don't worry, Eve-chan! I was so busy looking over the guidebook that I didn't hear a thing.
Eve: O-oh. What a relief! Anyway, please excuse us. We must go give the other upperclassmen their copies.
Aya: Ah, wait.
Hagumi: ...? Yes, Aya-senpai?
Aya: Well, I know I already said it before... but thanks so much for the New Year's charm.
Aya: When I came close to giving up, I felt like I heard the three of you cheering me on... The charm really helped me do my best on my entrance exam!
Hagumi: Hooray! Our charm helped!
Tae: Well, we did collect a lot of joyous power.
Hagumi: Yeah! But, Aya-senpai, I think you were able to do your best because you believed in yourself! All our charm did was help you do that!
Aya: Hagumi-chan... Thanks a lot.
Tae: Good luck with today's graduation ceremony, Aya-senpai.
Aya: Thanks, I'll do my best! Although there's really nothing for me to do my best at...
Aya: But... I'll go and take in every single moment of the ceremony until the very end.
Eve: Okay. We will be watching you with our full attention as you march forward undaunted.
Aya: Alright, thanks!
(White cut)
(Background change)
