event80-07 Ending: A Happy Wedding!

It's the day of the wedding. The girls dress up and prepare for one of life's happiest moments...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Wedding Hall - Dressing Room]

[Day of Filming]

Eve: Phew... It's almost time.
Kasumi: Eve-chan~!
Eve: That voice. Kasumi-sa- Wow!
Kasumi: Ehehe~♪ What do you think? I came all dressed up~!
Arisa: D-do they look alright? We're not gonna look weird, are we?
Eve: Of course not! You both look lovely! Thank you for coming! That goes for you two as well, Tsugumi-san, Ran-san!
Tsugumi: Ehehe... Congratulations on getting such a big job! I'll do everything I can to help.
Ran: ... I will never get used to this dress.
Eve: You really do look wonderful though! ... Hm? What are those flower decorations in your hair...?
Kasumi: We made these matching accessories together! They're even made with real flowers!
Arisa: Well, Ran-chan did most of the work...
Tsugumi: We didn't realize bridesmaids were supposed to have matching dresses until it was too late. So...
Ran: We figured we could at least have matching hair accessories, even if our dresses don't match.
Ran: I'm the one who designed them... Ah, but don't tell my father that.
Kasumi: Why? Would he get mad?
Tsugumi: I'm guessing... it's probably the opposite.
Arisa: So he'd be happy, huh...? I suppose that's embarrassing in its own way.
Ran: ... Anyway, keep this between us.
Eve: Everyone, thank you... for everything you've done!
Tsugumi: Are you okay now, Eve-chan? You're not worried or nervous about anything, right?
Eve: Yes! I have my trusted friends and the lovely bouquet we made after all!
Arisa: Your trusted friends... Well, that's what bridesmaids are for! We'll be sure to play our part. We're here for you, Eve.
Kasumi: You've got nothing to worry about! This is going to be a sparkly, heart-pounding wedding for sure!
Staff: Eve-san! We're about to start rehearsal!
Eve: I'm coming! Kasumi-san, Arisa-san, Tsugumi-san, Ran-san... Let's do our best today!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wedding Hall - Ceremony Area]

Eve: Before we begin, I'd like to say a few words. My name is Eve Wakamiya, and I'll be playing the role of the bride today.
Eve: I've had so much help from so many people to get where I am today, and I'm incredibly grateful.
Eve: I'd like to say thank you to my parents, the extras here today, and the staff, who picked out this lovely location and dress.
Eve: I'd also like to mention my friends here with me. Just like real bridesmaids, they've supported me though this journey.
Kasumi: Ehehe... She's talking about us, Arisa.
Arisa: Shut up, you idiot.
Tsugumi: Th-this really is nerve-wracking...
Ran: She said all we have to do is stand here...
Eve: Seeing as this commercial is a collaboration between me and the wedding magazine, I asked for permission to make my bouquet myself.
Eve: While finishing it proved difficult... Thanks to my friends, I was able to create a bouquet that represents me. A bouquet I love!
(White cut)
Eve: And this... is that bouquet!
Tsugumi: Whoa!
(White cut)
Eve: Everything I love is right here! It may not be the most professional bouquet... But I'm proud of it!
Eve: I filled this bouquet with my love for Japan and Finland, as well as the roses I've admired for so long... This bouquet represents me as I am right now!
Eve: And with this bouquet filled with the heart-pounding happiness I feel... I hope to share that happiness with everyone here today!
Arisa: She really is an idol, isn't she...?
Kasumi: Yeah... It's almost like we're listening to an actual wedding speech!
Arisa: Professionals really are something... We need to follow her example and take our jobs seriously.
Kasumi: Yeah! We bridesmaids have to give it our all!
Tsugumi: We just have to have fun and celebrate Eve-chan's big day!
Ran: I already made the bouquet, so can't I just relax...?
Tsugumi: Ran-chan!
Ran: I'm kidding. Come on, we need to be the flowers that surround the bride.
Eve: Now, let us begin! A joyous wedding with all my friends by my side!
