event80-04 Chapter 3: Pre-Wedding Jitters

Eve seems troubled by something. Several girls reach out, including Kasumi.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Station Entrance]

Kasumi: Fufufu! Dress~♪ Dress~♪ I can't wait to wear you~♪
Arisa: Didn't you just try it on? If you wear it too much, it'll end up messy on the day of the wedding.
Tsugumi: I'm so glad we were able to get these dresses without any trouble! And your dresses look so cute too~.
Kasumi: So did yours, Tsugu! Ribbons really suit you!
Tsugumi: Y-you think so? Fufu, thank you.
Arisa: So what do we do now? We've got a lot of bags, so should we head home?
Kasumi: Aww~, but I want to hang out some more~. It's too early to go home~.
Tsugumi: She's right! Plus the three of us don't get together all that often! Hmm, then how about...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: Welcome! ... Ah! Hello, everyone!
Tsugumi: I'm home~. I didn't realize you were working today.
Kasumi: Eve-chan! Eve-chan! Look, look! We got our dresses~.
Eve: So you were out shopping! Did you manage to find beautiful dresses?
Kasumi: We sure did! We picked them out together~. You're gonna love them... Ah, should we take them out and show you?!
Arisa: Stop it. It'll be a pain to put them back in the bags.
Eve: Fufu, I'll just have to wait for the big day.
Arisa: How about you, Eve? Is designing your bouquet going well?
Eve: Oh, yes, my bouquet...
Tsugumi: Is something wrong? Why don't you tell us about it? We'll help in any way we can!
Eve: No... I don't want to bother you all.
Eve: Designing the bouquet is part of my job as an idol. I'm already having you come as extras. I can't ask you to do anything more...
Kasumi: That's not true! I mean, we're your bridesmaids, aren't we?
Kasumi: Bridesmaids are supposed to help the bride when she's in trouble! Isn't that right, Arisa?
Arisa: Y-yeah, that's true. Helping with the wedding planning is also supposed to be part of the bridesmaid's job.
Tsugumi: So it's only natural that we help you out, Eve-chan.
Kasumi: Yeah! In fact, if there's anything bothering you, it's like you have to tell us♪
Eve: Everyone... Th-thank you so much! Alright, I'll tell you.
Eve: I'm having trouble designing my bouquet. I want to make something that will make everyone happy, but...
Eve: No matter what I do, the design always feels like something I've seen before. I'm starting to wonder if I should have had a professional do it instead.
Arisa: Yeah, I can see that. Handmade sounds nice, but quality-wise, it doesn't even come close to a professional's work.
Eve: So you agree... What should I do...?
Kasumi: Arisa!
Arisa: Ah, s-sorry. ... Uhm, what I was trying to say was...
Tsugumi: Bouquet... Flowers...
Kasumi: Do you have any ideas, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Ah, no, nothing special... It's just a thought...
Eve: I'll take any advice you can give me, no matter how small, so please, tell me!
Tsugumi: O-okay. Since it's about flowers... Asking Ran-chan might be helpful. She could probably teach you something.
Arisa: Ah, that's a pretty good idea. At the very least, it'd be more helpful than just talking about it amongst ourselves.
Kasumi: Agreed! Let's ask Ran-chan!
Tsugumi: I'll contact her right now!
Kasumi: Don't worry, Eve-chan! I'm sure you'll come up with something!
Eve: Everyone... Thank you so much!
