event80-03 Chapter 2: My Own Bouquet

Kasumi and the others run into Eve moving a large number of flowers. The flowers seem to play a key role in Eve's job...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Tea Room]

Eve: Thank you so much, Kasumi-san, Arisa-san! I really appreciate it!
Kasumi: Ehehe~♪ Feel free to ask us for help any time!
Eve: Okay!
Arisa: This sure is a lot of flowers though. Are these for the flower-arranging club?
Eve: No, these flowers are for the bouquet I'll be using in the wedding commercial.
Arisa: Huh? Isn't the bouquet just a prop? Why would you be the one to make that?
Eve: Well, you see...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Several Days Ago]

[Talent Agency]

Eve: Hmm... What should I do...?
Hina: Eve-chan~. What are you looking at~?
Eve: Hina-san. These are just the materials for my next job. I'm doing a commercial promoting a wedding magazine.
Hina: Oh~, let me see~.
Chisato: Hina-chan, don't get in the way of her work.
Eve: Fufu, it's alright. Actually, I'd love it if we could look over it together!
Chisato: Is there something troubling you?
Eve: Well, they gave me a little homework... They want me to let them know if there's anything I'd like to have or do for the commercial.
Hina: Whoa~, that's rare~. Usually they just tell us what to do and we agree to it.
Chisato: You're right. I heard that this commercial wanted to collaborate more with Eve-chan though, since she's so popular.
Chisato: If they can show that she had a hand in creating the commercial, it'll be good for business.
Eve: But I can't think of any good ideas. I don't even know what happens at a wedding. Do you two know anything?
Hina: Don't you gotta cut a cake and then stuff it in your face?!
Chisato: I think you're combining the cutting of the cake with the first bite a couple takes together.
Hina: What about setting fire to a table and then walking around it?
Chisato: ... Are you talking about a candle service?
Eve: It seems like there are a lot of different traditions.
Chisato: That's true, and there are probably more that we don't know about. Perhaps it would be better to ask someone with a bit more experience with weddings.
Hina: Someone with wedding experience... Who could that be? Ah, do you mean Maya-chan? Or maybe Aya-chan?!
Chisato: What are you talking about? What I mean is...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Tea Room]

Eve: So I asked my mother about weddings.
Eve: She's from Finland, and it’s a tradition there for the bride to make all the small things for the wedding herself.
Eve: I thought it would be nice to try making something by hand as well, so I asked to design the bouquet!
Kasumi: And that's why you've got all these flowers, right?
Eve: Right! I even asked the  flower arranging club for help. So now I can design my bouquet at home and at school!
Arisa: That's amazing... Does flower arranging really translate to bouquet design, though?
Eve: That's a hard question to answer. The construction and thought process are so different, after all.
Eve: But this is my chance! I'm going to make the perfect wedding bouquet. Something that'll make everyone very happy!
Kasumi: I can't wait to see it, Eve-chan! We're also getting ready. We're going to go shopping for our dresses soon~!
Eve: Wow, really? I'm sorry to cause so much trouble for you all.
Kasumi: No way! We're actually really excited about it!
Arisa: You should see how worked up Kasumi and Hazawa-san get looking at dresses.
Kasumi: Come on, Arisa, you do too~.
Arisa: I-I do not~!
Eve: Fufu, so you'll all be wearing dresses... I'm sure they'll be wonderful! I can't wait to see them♪
Kasumi: Yeah! Good luck on your bouquet, Eve-chan!
