event80-05 Chapter 4: As Your Friends

Eve goes to Ran for advice on her bouquet's design. However, Ran says she can't help her...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Ran: ... Gotcha. So that's what lead you to me.
Eve: We thought you might have some helpful advice I could use. I'm so sorry to intrude like this!
Ran: No, it's fine, really.
Tsugumi: Well, Ran-chan, is there anything you can teach her?
Ran: Well, I may know a little about flower arranging, but I'm not really in a position to teach.
Eve: Th-that's true...
Kasumi: But there has to be something you can do!
Arisa: Stop it. Sometimes you just have to let it go.
Ran: It sucks, but I'm still just a student. It'd be rude of me to try teaching someone, and it might cause problems for my family's school.
Ran: So unfortunately, I can't just do whatever I want... Sorry.
Eve: You have nothing to apologize for, Ran-san! I'm the one who asked.
Ran: I could always ask my father if he knew anybody he could introduce to you. Maybe like a floral designer...
Eve: The staff at the talent agency suggested the same thing. They told me they could get a professional to help me.
Eve: However, a warrior must finish what they have started.
Eve: ... So I'll keep trying to do this myself. At least for a little while.
Arisa: Eve...
Tsugumi: ... That's it! Ran-chan, do you want to be a bridesmaid with us?
Ran: Huh? Why? That came out of nowhere.
Tsugumi: Acting as a teacher is the problem, right? If that's the case, then helping her make it as a friend should be fine.
Kasumi: Oh~! That's an amazing idea! Ran-chan just needs to join us as a bridesmaid!
Arisa: C-come on, we can't just force her...
Ran: Bridesmaid, huh...? What do they do?
Tsugumi: Whatever Eve-chan needs help with! Uhm... Like her bouquet.
Ran: Sounds like we're just there to make the bouquet.
Eve: That's not true! I'd love you to come to the wedding! Your presence there would be very reassuring!
Eve: I really admire you, Ran-san.
Ran: Me...? Why?
Eve: You're so cool and strong, so you really stand out. The songs you write for Afterglow always make my heart race.
Kasumi: I know~! They're so deep!
Eve: And what's more, you're so skilled in flower arrangement... You're everything I've ever dreamed of being! You're so perfect, Ran-san!
Ran: Hey, cut that out. If we're talking about perfect, Tsugumi's a way bette-
Tsugumi: Not at all! You really are an amazing person, Ran-chan! You're so strong... and kind!
Ran: Not you too... I get it, okay? So cut it out!
Kasumi: But it's true~! If the amazing Ran-chan becomes one of the bridesmaids, this wedding will be even more amazing~! Isn't that right, Arisa?!
Arisa: She's got a point. I'm sure the bouquet would turn out great if you're helping out.
Arisa: When we went to look at bonsai together, you picked up on the appeal and reasoning behind the trees really quickly, even though you didn't know anything about bonsai before that.
Arisa: You could say bouquets have a story of their own to tell, just like flower arranging and bonsai.
Ran: A story, huh...? I guess I can see how a bouquet shows its own unique perspective.
Ran: Sigh... Fine. I'll be a bridesmaid.
Eve: Really, Ran-san?!
Ran: Yeah, it sounds kinda fun anyway. Besides... You're having a hard time, right, Eve?
Tsugumi: Ran-chan... Thank you! I'm so excited to be a bridesmaid with you!
Ran: You're making it a bigger deal than it is. I better find a dress then.
Eve: Thank you so much, everyone! I feel like I really can do this now!
Arisa: We haven't even started yet.
Kasumi: Alright! We're gonna make the best wedding bouquet ever!
Eve: Thank you for all your help!
