event80-02 Chapter 1: The Bridesmaids' Challenge

Kasumi has been made a bridesmaid by Eve. She, Arisa, and Tsugumi begin working on the preparations for the big day.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kasumi: And now to prep for Eve-chan's wedding!
Arisa: You mean her wedding commercial. Don't get those two mixed up.
Tsugumi: Did Eve-chan invite you too, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Ah, no. Kasumi did.
Kasumi: Thanks for agreeing to it, Arisa! I asked everyone else, but they were all busy. Aren't you excited?! It's not every day you get to be in a commercial!
Arisa: It's not that exciting. I actually didn't want to say yes... But it'd be a problem for Eve if there weren't enough people there.
Tsugumi: You're so kind, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: I-I'm not! Anyway, shouldn't we focus on prepping? We've got a lot to do, don't we?
Tsugumi: That's true. Let's see. We need dresses, right? I don't have anything like that, so that's something I need to buy.
Kasumi: Same here! What about you, Arisa? Do you have a dress?
Arisa: I have some more casual dresses, but I don't think they'll work... Students usually wear their uniforms to events like that, don't they? I doubt very many have formal clothes.
Kasumi: That's what I was thinking too. Hmm, I guess we'll just have to go shopping. We can't just show up unprepared, especially after such obvious instructions!
Arisa: ... You seem pretty excited about it.
Kasumi: Well yeah~! Isn't the idea of wearing a dress to a wedding so heart-pounding?! You understand, don't you, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Y-yeah... To be honest, I'm really looking forward to it. It's not every day that you get to wear a dress to a wedding.
Arisa: I don't get you two at all~... But whatever.
Arisa: I did a little research online. It doesn't look like we need anything over the top.
Arisa: We could wear something light like this dress, and then cover our shoulders with shawls. It also looks like we can rent dresses too.
Tsugumi: Wow~, there's so many different kinds. It's going to be hard to pick!
Kasumi: Ah, this one's so sparkly and cute! This one's nice too~.
Arisa: I also looked up more information on wedding ceremonies themselves, and you know... It sounds really tedious.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I've heard there are a lot of rules and etiquette that you have to follow. Planning one also sounds rough.
Arisa: Exactly. Plus we've been asked to be bridesmaids, right? We should at least try to play the part.
Kasumi: Ah, speaking of which, I was gonna ask... What exactly is a bridesmaid?
Arisa: Wait... Did you seriously accept without knowing that...?
Kasumi: Sure did! So could you tell me what they do?
Tsugumi: Fufu. I think bridesmaids are the ones who support the bride.
Tsugumi: I didn't know either, so I ended up asking Eve-chan. Evidently it's really common overseas.
Kasumi: Oh, I get it now! Did you know that, Arisa?
Arisa: ... Sigh.
Arisa: Bridesmaids are the ones who help calm down the bride when she's nervous, and on the day of the wedding, they take care of anything that the bride needs help with.
Tsugumi: That sounds like a huge responsibility! We better work hard so we don't let Eve-chan down!
Kasumi: I didn't realize it was such a serious job...! Are we really gonna be okay~?
Arisa: Hold on, we're talking about actual weddings here. We're just playing the "role" of the bridesmaids, so we don't have to worry that much... probably.
Tsugumi: Oh, that's true. It's a film shoot too, so I'm sure Eve-chan will be surrounded by staff.
Arisa: Yeah, and from the message I read, it sounds like we're only in the scenes where she enters the hall and when she tosses the bouquet. As long as we look the part, we should be fine.
Kasumi: Gotcha! Then I guess for now, why don't we go shopping for dresses on our next day off?!
Tsugumi: Yeah, good idea!
Kasumi: Ah, but before that, I have to ask my mom for money~...
Tsugumi: I wonder if my paycheck will be able to cover it...
Arisa: Okay, then we'll all need to find out our budgets beforehand.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Arisa: Hey~, Kasumi. Let's go home~.
Kasumi: Okay, just a minute~! ... Wait, isn't that Eve-chan?
Arisa: Hm? ... You're right. And she's carrying a ton of flowers...
Eve: Here I go... Phew...
Kasumi: Eve-chan~! Do you want some help~?!
Eve: Kasumi-san! Uhm... Could I ask for your assistance?
