event80-06 Chapter 5: I Wish...

The five girls try to think of a design for Eve's bouquet. What would be perfect for a wedding...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Wakamiya Residence - Eve's Room]

Eve: This is the bouquet I've designed so far.
Kasumi: Whoa~! That's amazing~! It's so cute and pretty!
Tsugumi: It really is. You're good at this, Eve-chan.
Eve: Thank you, but this won't work...
Arisa: Why not? It looks great to me.
Ran: I think I know what Eve is trying to say.
Ran: Sure, it looks good, but... this design is really common, and the details can't compete with a professional.
Arisa: Talk about strict...
Eve: Ran-san's right. No matter how many bouquets I make, they all feel wrong... I don't know what to do.
Ran: What kind of bouquet do you want to make?
Eve: Well... I'd like something that brightens the day of all who see it! Something that expresses feelings of happiness!
Tsugumi: Personally, I'd be plenty happy to catch a bouquet like this in the bouquet toss...
Kasumi: Still, if that's how you feel, that means this design isn't heart-pounding to you, right, Eve-chan?
Kasumi: In that case, I can definitely understand! If I were you, I'd want to make an even more heart-pounding bouquet too...
Eve: Heart-pounding... I suppose that's true. I've just been trying so hard to make a good bouquet.
Ran: So you just want to make a good bouquet?
Eve: No, not at all!
Ran: Alright, then I'll ask you again. What kind of bouquet do you want to make?
Eve: It's so hard to decide... There are just so many options, from the flowers you pick to the design and size!
Eve: At first, I thought I'd like to make something regal, like a rose bouquet. I could use red roses, white roses, yellow ones... All sorts of colors!
Eve: But after talking to my mother, I started to think making a Finnish style bouquet would be nice. That way I could add leaves and other greenery...
Eve: But I also think having a Japanese style bouquet would be lovely as well! I could use camellia and hydrangea and bind them with a mizuhiki cord...!
Ran: Fufu, that's amazing. They all sound like interesting bouquets.
Eve: Ah... I-I'm sorry, I started rambling... All of those designs may sound nice, but it'd be selfish of me to choose something I want.
Kasumi: No way, that was great, Eve-chan! Your face was so sparkly just now!
Tsugumi: Yeah, you looked like you were having fun! And I know it may sound selfish, but you're the star, after all.
Kasumi: What Tsugu said! You should make a bouquet that you think is sparkly and heart-pounding!
Eve: But...
Arisa: This is just a guess, but I'm pretty sure everyone looking will be happy with any bouquet you make.
Arisa: Ah, not in a bad way, of course. It's kind of like Valentine's Day. Homemade chocolates may not necessarily taste better than the store-bought stuff...
Arisa: But you can't really compare the two. What matters are the emotions you put into it.
Eve: The emotions I put in...
Arisa: In other words... I don't think you need to worry so much.
Ran: Arisa's right. You should enjoy making this bouquet.
Eve: So I should have fun, and make a bouquet I find sparkly and heart-pounding... You're right. It seems I was making a mistake.
Eve: At some point, finishing the bouquet became my main goal, and I forgot all about the excitement I felt in the beginning.
Tsugumi: Did something happen?
Eve: Yes! When my mother was telling me about her wedding, I found the idea of making every little thing by hand so charming.
Eve: She really enjoyed making all of them, from the invitations and party favors to the bouquet. Up until the day of the wedding, she poured all of her excitement and happiness into those objects...
Eve: I can't imagine a more joyous occasion than a wedding filled with  that much happiness, surrounded by your loved ones!
Eve: This may just be a commercial, but I want to use this chance to bring happiness to all sorts of people!
Eve: That's why I decided to make this bouquet myself in the first place!
Kasumi: Eve-chan...! Yeah, I'm sure everyone will feel that happiness! No, we'll make sure they do!
Eve: Yes, so please, everyone, lend me your strength so that I may make a heart-pounding bouquet!
Tsugumi: Okay! I don't know what will happen, but I'll do everything I can to help!
Ran: Then for starters, why don't we try to make all the bouquets Eve mentioned before?
Arisa: All of them?! Is that even possible?
Ran: We won't know until we try.
Kasumi: Alright, then I'm gonna make a star-shaped bouquet.
Arisa: Well, I guess you can do whatever you want.
Eve: Fufufu! Then let's get started and have some fun!
Eve: (My heart is pounding... I'm sure I can make a wonderful bouquet now!)
