event80-01 Opening: Wedding Surprise

Eve suddenly invites Kasumi to her wedding. She then makes a request of the shocked Kasumi.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Eve: Kasumi-san! Do you have a moment?
Kasumi: Eve-chan! What's wrong? You look so serious.
Eve: I have something to ask of you. Is that okay?
Kasumi: Of course! What can I do for you?
Eve: Could you please... come to my wedding?!
Kasumi: Sure! ... Hm...? Wait, did you just say... wedding?!
Kasumi: Whaaat~?!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Phew~! That really scared me~! For a second, I thought you were actually getting married!
Eve: I'm sorry, I should have been more clear... You see, I recently got a modeling job involving the nearby wedding hall.
Kasumi: Oh, I heard about this! It's the one they recently built downtown, right?
Eve: Right. We're doing a commercial for a wedding magazine, and they asked me to play the part of the bride in the wedding scene.
Kasumi: Wow~! That's so cool! And it sounds like so much fun! I wanna go! Ah, but this is for work, right? Is it really okay for me to be there?
Eve: Of course! When I told the staff how close the wedding hall was to my school, they told me my friends could be extras!
Eve: So if it's not too much to ask, could you please come? I'd love to have you as one of my bridesmaids!
Kasumi: Yeah! I'll come, for sure! How could I say no? It sounds like so much fun!
Eve: That's great... Thank you so much! I really appreciate it!
Kasumi: Ehehe... It's nothing special. I'm just happy to help.
Eve: I really am thankful to have you there... You see, I'm a little nervous about this job.
Kasumi: Why?
Eve: This is my first time doing a commercial all by myself. My friends in Pastel＊Palettes aren't going to be there. I'm scared...
Kasumi: Oh yeah, if they told me I had to do a concert without the rest of Poppin'Party, I'd be terrified!
Eve: That's why it's so reassuring to know I'll have a friend there!
Kasumi: You can count on me! I'll be the best bri-... What was it again?
Eve: Bridesmaid!
Kasumi: Yeah, that! I'll be the best bridesmaid I can be!
Eve: Thank you!
Kasumi: Ah, did you invite anybody else yet? I'm sure it'd be a lot of fun with more people there!
Eve: I sent Tsugumi-san a message, but I'm still waiting for a response.
Eve: If you have any friends you think would like to come, by all means, please invite them!
Kasumi: Okay! I'll ask everyone in Poppin'Party!
Eve: Then I'll send you more details in a message later! Thank you again!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - School Gates]

Kasumi: Fufu, I'm going to be in a wedding commercial! I can't wait~!
Kasumi: Ah, a message from Eve-chan! Let's see...
Kasumi: "Please come wearing a dress or something formal on the day of filming!" ... A dress?
Kasumi: What should I do?! I don't own a dress~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wakamiya Residence - Eve's Room]

Eve: I'm so glad Kasumi-san and Tsugumi-san are going to be there...
Eve: Now that I've invited my friends, I need to focus on... that.
Eve: Alright, here I go!
