event133-01 Opening: The Music I Want to Create...?

After their successful Budokan performance, the group focuses on their upcoming solo concert. LAYER was in high spirits, however...

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

CHU² (Chiyu): LAYER! PAREO~! Make haste, it's time to start the reel check!
LAYER (Rei): Hang on, CHU². We're just finishing up.
PAREO (Reona): I apologize for the wait~♪ This compilation viewing party calls for a special selection of treats, which I took the liberty of preparing~♪
LOCK (Rokka): Wow~! They all look so delicious~! Ah, you even made sweet potato cookies!
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, nice. Any soda and popcorn?
LAYER (Rei): We've got soda.
CHU² (Chiyu): Wait, wait! Hold it right there! What do you think this is, a home theater?!
CHU² (Chiyu): We're watching a compilation of our past performances before the next solo concert. That's the key point here!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, we get it. We're combin' through the old stuff to find what kicked butt, then using that to juice up our new stuff, right?
LOCK (Rokka): Ooo, that's a guaranteed recipe for success! I'm already shaking with excitement!
PAREO (Reona): Our next show will also be streamed online, as well♪ It will be the grand unveiling of our music to the entire world~.
LAYER (Rei): That's CHU² for you. Going the extra mile, as always.
CHU² (Chiyu): Naturally! This data will be the fuel that blasts our solo concert into orbit! So you'd better take this seriously...
LAYER (Rei): No one said we're here to goof off... Ah, here's some jerky rice balls, CHU².
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, would you like some octopus sausages to go with that?
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, lil' octopus sausages~.
LAYER (Rei): You're still on that? Get some new material, Masuki.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufufu, come over here and sit with us, CHU²-san.
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh~... You guys aren't the least bit serious...
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh well... Alright, let's get started! It's show time!
(Black cut)
CHU² (Chiyu): Sweet! Excellent! Unstoppable! Perfect in every way! This footage is the best!
PAREO (Reona): I agree, CHU²-sama! RAS is the best~♪
MASKING (Masuki): Now those are some killer clips! Let's take that hype and run wild with it!
LAYER (Rei): LOCK? What's wrong?
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, well, the footage is nice and all, but... watching myself play is still pretty embarrassing... Ngh~... I'll never get used to it~.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, there's no need to feel that way, LOCK. I thought you were really cool.
LOCK (Rokka): N-n-no way! That's my line, LAYER-san! The part where you said, "Are you ready to get wild?" was so unbelievably cool~!
PAREO (Reona): I felt the same way~! I get goosebumps every time I hear that line~♪
LAYER (Rei): Thanks, guys.
LOCK (Rokka): Um, I've been meaning to ask, but did you have that part planned, CHU²-san?
CHU² (Chiyu): No... LAYER did that all on her own.
LAYER (Rei): Uh-huh. That was from when we first performed as RAS, right? I could feel the passion from the crowd... and it just sort of slipped out.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow~! I could never come up with a cool line like that.
LAYER (Rei): I was so caught up in the moment that I barely remember anything. It was like I was an entirely different person...
CHU² (Chiyu): You were truly unstoppable in that moment! That was an incredible performance that unleashed your inner intensity!
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, it's like a legend in the making~!
CHU² (Chiyu): LAYER's vocals really are top notch. And under my orders, you'll be polished to shine even greater.
LAYER (Rei): CHU²...
CHU² (Chiyu): That's why it has to be her...
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, now we know this footage is freakin' sweet. Now to get started on rehearsin' our new tracks!
CHU² (Chiyu): Actually, about that. I'd actually like to hear any ideas you guys might have for our new material.
All: ... Huh?
CHU² (Chiyu): What? Why are you looking at me like that?
MASKING (Masuki): It was just... a shock. I mean, this is the first time you've said anythin' like that.
CHU² (Chiyu): I know I excel when it comes to creating our stellar songs, but having said that, I trust all of your performing skills.
CHU² (Chiyu): So to beef up our songs even further, I want your opinions. As long as they're opinions worth hearing, that is!
PAREO (Reona): Trust...! I cannot believe CHU²-sama views me in such light...
PAREO (Reona): I am moved beyond words! CHU²-sama, I will not betray the faith you have placed in me!
MASKING (Masuki): You don't mind? I've been thinkin' about it since I got the score, but... I think the chorus needs more of an impact to really get the crowd goin'.
LOCK (Rokka): True! I have an effect I would like to try if we decide to go with that angle.
MASKING (Masuki): Hold up, LOCK. I've got an ace of my own I'd like to play before the chorus.
PAREO (Reona): If we are sharing ideas, then I have one that may-
CHU² (Chiyu): Wait, wait! Don't throw everything out at the same time! I can't keep up with what you're saying!
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, this isn't goin' anywhere! I say we give it a shot and go from there!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MASKING (Masuki): That's the gist of it... Good stuff, am I right?
CHU² (Chiyu): It was pretty interesting. It could use a little more brushing up, though.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, LOCK. Your idea wasn't bad, either.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you very much.
PAREO (Reona): Massu-san, I could feel the intensity your suggestion brought to the chorus! And LOCK-san, you raised the cool factor!
PAREO (Reona): Hmmm, I think they could both prove to be worthwhile additions~♪ But if I had to choose... I would go with LOCK-san...
CHU² (Chiyu): LAYER. I want to hear your thoughts. What do you think?
LAYER (Rei): Me? I, uh... Yeah, they were both really good. CHU², you're the producer, so I'll go with whatever you decide.
CHU² (Chiyu): That won't do, LAYER. Don't you have an opinion of your own? What I want to hear are your thoughts on the music you want to play.
LAYER (Rei): The music that... I want to play? That would be... whatever sort of music RAS wants to go with, I guess...
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh~... Forget it. Once more from the top. Get ready!
MASKING, PAREO & LOCK: Yeah! Understood!
LAYER (Rei): ...
