event105-06 Chapter 5: To the Top...

The girls reminisce while waiting for their cue in the dressing room.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Future World Fes - Dressing Room]

Sayo: It's almost time.
Yukina: Yes. We're finally here.
Lisa: ... Amazing. So this is how it feels to be moments away from stepping out on the stage of our dreams.
Sayo: What are you feeling right now?
Lisa: Probably the same thing you are, right? I can't really explain it. I don't feel nervous or anything. I just feel... nothing.
Sayo: True, I'm not even slightly nervous. I'm strangely calm.
Lisa: Now this takes me back~. I was as stiff as a board during our first concert. I was worried my heart was gonna give out at any second.
Ako: You definitely weren't your usual self back then.
Lisa: Ahaha, was it that obvious?
Yukina: The moment we stepped on the stage that day was the moment that Roselia began... We've been on many stages since then.
Sayo: ... Now that I think about it, Roselia began with just the two of us, didn't it?
Sayo: When we met, everyone was carrying their own individual burdens. We tried our hardest to overcome them through music.
Yukina: Even though we knew that wasn't the correct answer.
Lisa: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Sayo: I once believed Minato-san and I were similar. However, now it's as if we're walking the same path, but in opposite ways.
Ako: What do you mean...?
Sayo: Minato-san is cutting herself away from her past and using that power to propel herself forward. On the other hand, I'm moving forward while carrying everything from my past with me.
Sayo: That's why I invited Hina to the concert today.
Yukina: I invited my father as well. I felt strongly that he should be here to witness the exact moment when I take my first step forward.
Lisa: Yukina, Sayo, you're always so straightforward and genuine... I love hearing those qualities in your voices and music.
Yukina: That reminds me... Rinko, you once spoke to me about my singing voice after hearing "LOUDER" correct?
Rinko: I once told you... there was a yearning restlessness.... in your voice... because of your passion for music...
Yukina: I didn’t think my voice sounded that clear at the time... But looking back, that may have been the point where my desire to sing began to come through in my voice.
Rinko: I... like your voice, Yukina-san... and I like "LOUDER" for... showing it to me...
Yukina: I like "LOUDER" too. That's why I'm saying goodbye to it today.
Yukina: ... Ako.
Ako: Y-yes!
Yukina: I still clearly remember the day you suddenly called out to me.
Ako: That's just how much of an impression you left. You really were super-duper cool!
Yukina: Roselia would never have made it this far without your dedication. I don't think we'd be here feeling the way we do right now without you.
Yukina: You've grown so much since joining Roselia... That's what I initially thought, but... you've always been cool since the beginning, Ako.
Ako: Yukina-san...!
Yukina: Thank you for teaching me the meaning of dedication. I’ll be counting on the second coolest drummer in the world from now on.
Ako: ...! Y-yeah!!
Yukina: ... Lisa.
Yukina: I've received so many precious things from you. You've helped me remember that which I should never have forgotten.
Lisa: Nothing in this world makes me happier than seeing you where you are right now, Yukina. There's nothing you need to thank me for.
Yukina: ... It all started with my ego.
Yukina: Pride, the top... They're really such vague words. Even so, the fact that we were able to use them as stepping stones to reach where we are today... makes me really happy.
Lisa: They may have been vague at first, but after all our struggles... I think our image of those concepts has gotten a little clearer.
Lisa: If where we are right now is the result of all of our choices up until now, then I think that we've made all the right choices.
Lisa: Even if they led to us worrying, crying, and fighting... All of them were correct. That includes when Yukina and Sayo decided to start Roselia, too.
Lisa: That's why I think the fact that we all came together wasn't fate... It was bound to happen because of the decisions we made.
Sayo: I also can say with confidence that none of my choices up until now were mistakes.
Sayo: They all brought me here today.
Yukina: ... It's time.
Yukina: Let's go. Together, we take our first step... towards new heights.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Future World Fes - Stage]

Yukina: ...
Lisa: Yukina, ready?
Yukina: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: One, two, three!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: (This is what my father wanted to see. This is what we've been chasing after this whole time...)
(Black cut)
Sayo: (There's no question. The one standing here on this dazzling stage, moving towards those new heights... is none other than me.)
Sayo: (And this sound belongs to none other than me! This is the sound that only I can create.)
Sayo: (Being a part of Roselia was my choice. To all the people who gave me something to be proud of, there's only one thing I must do.)
Sayo: (Keep playing this sound that only I can make. Strongly, proudly, and forever...!)
(White cut)
Lisa: (We actually made it here. I can hear the crowd cheering. I can feel the hot spotlights...
Lisa: (They're all ours and no one else's! Ahaha... What an incredible feeling!!)
Lisa: (Seeing all this could make a girl greedy. Yukina, everyone, you all feel the same way, right?)
Lisa: (I want to play more and more! Give me more of this intensity! ... Isn't that what we're all thinking?!)
(White cut)
Ako: (Everyone's cheering for us! Wow!! Sis, are you watching me right now?!)
Ako: (I found this band while searching for what I thought was cool... I mean, Roselia is super-duper cool.)
Ako: (I'm so glad that I always believed in us! My feelings, my beliefs... I'll stick to them until the very end! That's what makes me cool!)
Ako: (I've finally found it... My own version of cool...! And now, I want to share it with all of you!)
(White cut)
Rinko: (With each touch of my keyboard, it feels like I move forward another step...)
Rinko: (This sound... It's the sound of my courage...)
Rinko: (There's nothing I love more than the moment... when my sound melts into the rest of our sounds... and becomes the music that we're all so proud off...)
Rinko: (Together with this music... I can keep moving forward... forever...! That's why... I want to keep playing... for the rest of time...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
Yukina: (The shadows we cast on stage... They're deeper and more defined than ever before.)
Yukina: (The light is our future. As we sing, we face it, and our form is reflected on the stage we stand upon.)
Yukina: (... I can't believe it. Singing really was this simple.)
Yukina: (This simple yet pure feeling will surely give shape to the light... and to our future...!)
(White cut)
Yukina: (I love singing more than anyone!)
(White cut)
