event105-01 Opening: Desired Sound

With the set list decided, all Roselia has to work on is their new song. Will they find something they can all understand?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Yukina: It's almost time. Let's end practice here.
Lisa: Okay! Good work, everyone☆
Ako: Yeah, good work! We finally managed to figure out our set list, so all that's left is to practice, right?
Sayo: Yes. After that, we just need to decide on the direction we want to take with our next song...
Lisa: It's turning out to be pretty tough, huh~? We need to figure out what kind of song we should be playing at the festival and in our future...
Yukina: It is. I was hoping to approach it from the lyrics, but things aren't going well.
Rinko: I don't think... anything good will come out of... rushing things... so let's think about it a little more...
Yukina: Indeed. The one thing I absolutely want to avoid is rushing ourselves to a mediocre conclusion. Plus, I'd like for all five of us to be in agreement on the lyrics.
Lisa: Yeah. Roselia is the five of us together, after all.
Ako: I hope our new song turns out to be super-duper-mega-cool~! I'll have to work on figuring out how to use my words better!
Rinko: Let's think about it... together...
Sayo: I'll take some more time to mull over things as well. Udagawa-san, if you're struggling to find ways to verbalize your thoughts, I'd be glad to help.
Lisa: Sayo, you're so reliable~.
Ako: Thanks, Rin-rin, Sayo-san! I'll let you know once I think of something!
Yukina: So we'll all do some brainstorming, then. Let's clean up and go home.
Lisa: Okay~! I'll go reserve our next session.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Lisa: The direction of our new song, huh...? It'd be nice if it became something like a guidepost for our future, too.
Lisa: But there's no way to know what'll happen to us after the festival...
Lisa: And we've already made songs about wanting to move forward despite not knowing what lies ahead...
Yukina: ...
Lisa: ... Yukina?
Yukina: ... Hm? Did you say something?
Lisa: C'mon, I've been talking to you this whole time~.
Yukina: Sorry. I was just thinking about our new song.
Lisa: And so was I.
Yukina: ... I was reflecting. Reflecting on myself and everything I've done up until now.
Yukina: I thought about my younger self, the one who loved music and who inspired your song... About how my attitude towards music was warped after learning about my father's frustrations.
Yukina: ... And about how I now perform as one of five members in Roselia.
Yukina: I've always thought that singing was all I had. That it was all I could do.
Lisa: Is that how you feel now?
Yukina: I don't have any of those backwards thoughts about singing anymore. But... I do still think that singing is all I'm capable of.
Yukina: I think I'm the most me when I'm singing.
Yukina: That's why I believe that my duty in Roselia is to sing with my head held high.
Yukina: But that's no different from how I've been up until now.
Yukina: I'd like to take a step forward if I can. I want to... sing a song filled with feelings that I've never had before.
Lisa: ...
Lisa: Lala〜♪ A song like none other〜♪
Yukina: ... Lisa?
Lisa: Ah... I was just thinking that maybe some nonsensical humming might help you come up with something...
Lisa: ... Are you mad?
Yukina: Not mad... but I'd like for you to take this a little more seriously.
Lisa: Sorry. I thought it might help you loosen up a bit...
Lisa: A-anyway! I'll do some more thinking about feelings we've never had too!
Lisa: We'll have to discuss it with the other later.
Yukina: Yes. Let's do that.
Yukina: (Feelings we've never had before... What on earth could those possibly be?)
Yukina: (It's quite difficult trying to give shape to something you can't even imagine.)
Yukina: (But we have no choice. We have to make the perfect song for our still yet unknown future...!)
