event105-03 Chapter 2: The Answers We Arrive At

Yukina tells the others what Ran said. They then discuss their own decisions.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Next Day]

[Studio]

Yukina: In regards to the lyrics for our song, there's something I'd like for us all to think about together. Could I have some of your time?
Lisa: Of course! What is it?
Yukina: Well...
(Black cut)
Lisa: Our own choices, huh~...? That's Ran for you, she's really got it together~.
Rinko: I'm sure she has a firm grasp... on what's important to her...
Yukina: Mitake-san's words have stuck with me ever since yesterday. "It was all my own choice."
Yukina: I wonder if singing... was a choice for me. Personally, it didn't seem like I had any other options.
Sayo: ... I also thought that guitar was all I had.
Sayo: And similarly, I thought I had to get better at it. However, thinking back, the one who made that decision was me.
Sayo: A decision I made so I could surpass Hina.
Ako: Sayo-san...
Sayo: I chose to forsake a good relationship with my sister in order to surpass her. I certainly suffered because of it, but I understand that it was my decision in the end.
Sayo: There was a lot I gained through this guitar. Even though it took a while, my relationship with Hina has greatly improved.
Sayo: Before, I played guitar because I needed to. Now, I play because I want to.
Sayo: Aren't you the same way, Minato-san?
Yukina: Am I...?
Lisa: For you, it's not that you have to sing anymore, right? It's that you want to sing, isn't it?
Yukina: What do I want to do now...?
Yukina: ... You're right. I want to proudly sing as a member of Roselia. I want to polish our sound and reach even higher heights...
Rinko: For me... The reason why I'm in Roselia... is because... I wanted to perform together with all of you...
Rinko: I'm... bad at talking to people, but... I wanted to change... That was... my choice...
Ako: I'm the same as Rin-rin! I wanted to perform with you, Yukina-san! I made my choice so I could become a cooler me!
Lisa: Me too. I chose to chase after you, Yukina. In other words, I wanted to face music together with you.
Yukina: Everyone...
Yukina: If the paths we chose individually are what brought us together...
Yukina: Then as Roselia, the path that awaits us beyond Future World Fes will also be one that we choose to travel.
Sayo: It seems we've figured out a direction for our new song.
Ako: Our future path is ours to choose...! That's so cool...!
Rinko: That would definitely be... different from all the songs... we've made up until now...
Yukina: Yes. Thank you, everyone. Choices... We've found a great theme.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Studio]

Yukina: How were the lyrics I sent to you all yesterday? If there's a part that bothers anyone, please speak up.
Rinko: We make our own choices... These lyrics make me feel... ready for the future...
Sayo: Your lyrics are sharper than ever.
Yukina: Whatever happens to us in the future will be the result of our decisions... I think my word choices naturally became more aggressive when I thought about it that way.
Lisa: They're great lyrics! And whenever we play this song, it'll remind us of this festival, too!
Lisa: Oh, and you know what? With these lyrics... This song feels like a sequel to "LOUDER."
Rinko: It does...?
Lisa: Yeah. "LOUDER" was the song that defined Yukina up until now, right? It served as Roselia's foundation when we were just getting started.
Lisa: This song feels like it's going to be a new foundation for us moving forward.
Lisa: So in that sense, I think the songs are kinda similar.
Yukina: If "LOUDER" was the point that connected our past to our present, then this song connects our present to our future... I was certainly thinking something along those lines as I wrote this.
Sayo: In that case... I suppose the song that would fit between these two would have to be "Neo-Aspect," correct?
Ako: Then should we play these three songs back to back?
Ako: I wanna show the crowd the whole package... Who we were up until now, and who we will be from now on!
Rinko: Yes... And rhythmically... the three songs would flow together... very nicely...
Lisa: Yeah, yeah! Then let's rewrite the set list and get back to practicing!
Sayo: Agreed. Minato-san, thank you for these wonderful lyrics.
Yukina: These aren't just lyrics. They are our answer.
Sayo: Indeed. Now we must refine this song even more. That way, we can give the best performance imaginable.
