event105-04 Chapter 3: To Move Forward

The day before the event, Yukina and Sayo spend the night reading the postcards they wrote to themselves and reflecting.

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa)

[The Day Before Future World Fes]

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: "Tomorrow's the day. Move forward and don't look back."
Yukina: ... This postcard...
Yukina: (It's the postcard I wrote to myself when I went to see the autumn leaves.)
Yukina: Move forward and don't look back...
Yukina: I just have to sing our new song without being caught up in my past.
Yukina: ...
Yukina: Finally... The day has come.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: "Stay focused and calm. Move forward using everything you've learned up until now."
Sayo: ... I never thought a postcard I wrote to myself could put this much pressure on me.
Sayo: (I want to turn all of my past experiences into my strength so I can move forward.)
Sayo: (... That's how much I value everything I've gained up until now. There are many things I should have faced head-on, but that was also my choice...)
Sayo: ...
Hina: Knock, knock. Sis, I'm coming in.
Sayo: Well, this is unusual. You knocked first. What's wrong?
Hina: Well, tomorrow's the festival, right? I figured you'd be super focused, so that's why I knocked!
Sayo: I see. So knowing full well that I'm trying to focus, you still came into my room.
Hina: It's fine, right? You know, I'm really looking forward to tomorrow! Give it your best, Sis!
Sayo: Of course I will.
Hina: What's with the postcard?
Sayo: Ah, th-this is...
Hina: This is your handwriting, right? Did you wrote a postcard to yourself?
Sayo: ... That's right. I wrote this when I went to see the autumn colors with Minato-san and Ushigome-san.
Hina: Now that's interesting! Why'd you write it to yourself?
Sayo: Perhaps you could say it was to help me focus. It was Minato-san's idea.
Hina: Hmm... Mm-hm. I see. Got it! I figured out something about you just now!
Hina: Sis, I think you are your biggest supporter.
Sayo: I simply expect more from myself.
Hina: Well, that just means you're the one cheering yourself on the most!
Hina: I bet your own words are what give you the most strength, right?
Sayo: ...
Hina: I know the promise we made wasn't a lie and really is important to you. But you're the one who wants to keep that promise, right?
Sayo: That's because... I'm the only one that can fulfill that promise to you.
Sayo: ... I suppose I have a strong desire to accomplish things myself after I've made a commitment. It's my responsibility, after all.
Hina: Yeah, that's all part of your strength, Sis~. And that's why you can do anything.
Sayo: Anything, huh...?
Sayo: (A strong sense of responsibility... That's a nice way to describe it, but in the end, it was nothing more than a desire to surpass you.)
Sayo: (I'm fully aware that I suffered much more than I needed to because of that choice... Can I really call that my strength...?)
Hina: I think talking to people that aren't like me is super fun, so I want to try all sorts of stuff, but Sis, you're the exact opposite!
Hina: That's why there are lots of things that only you can do. Still, I'm not the type to break an important promise either.
Sayo: ... This side of you has saved me more times than I can count.
Hina: Huh?! What side of me?
Sayo: (The side of you that can consider my sorrow to be my strength... The side that accepts all of the choices I've made up until now.)
Sayo: (... That is why I cannot afford to forget this strength. And then, someday...)
Hina: ... Well, I guess it doesn't matter. In any case, tomorrow's the big day! Knock them off their feet! I'll be there watching, okay?
Sayo: ... Okay. Thank you.
Sayo: Thank you for everything up until now, as well as everything going forward...
(Black cut)
