event105-05 Chapter 4: Roselia's Choice

Roselia promises to give the perfect performance to everyone who came to see them off.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Day of Future World Fes]

[Station Entrance]

Lisa: Morning, guys! Looks like everybody's here. Let's go!
Kasumi: Yukina-senpai! Everyone~!
Lisa: Huh? It's Kasumi! What's up?
Kasumi: Poppin'Party's all here to cheer you on! Ran-chan and the others are here, too!
Lisa: You're right! Thanks, guys~! We'll do our best, so just sit back and watch!
Yukina: Yes, thank you. I'm sure you'll be able to see many impactful performances aside from ours. We should all try to learn as much as we can from today.
Ran: I can't tell if you're serious or just stiff... I'm here because I want to see Roselia give the best performance out there. So you better do it.
Kasumi: Yeah, me too! Do your best, okay?!
Yukina: Of course. Today, we will show you the best performance ever.
Sayo: We will see you at the venue. We should get going.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Future World Fes - Event Hall]

Ako: This is it ... This is the event hall...!
Rinko: It's... much larger than I imagined...
Lisa: This is where we're gonna be performing...
Ako: ...
Rinko: It feels like... if we don't perform... with confidence... We'll be swallowed up...
Lisa: Yeah... If we aren't serious, the atmosphere alone will crush us...
Sayo: ... Our performance today is going to be a new step forward for us.
Yukina: We will put on our best performance, and we will satisfy everyone here.
Yukina: ...
Yukina: (This was the stage my father once dreamed of standing upon... But that doesn't matter now. Today, this is the stage that we stand upon.)
Yukina: (I must move forward without being shackled by the past...)
Yukina: Could I make a suggestion?
Lisa: What is it?
Yukina: In a few hours, the concert will be over, and we will have taken a new step forward together.
Yukina: We must forge a new path for ourselves. That path will not be an easy one, though.
Yukina: So.... While "LOUDER" may be the song that shaped us into what we are now...
Yukina: I want today to be the last time we ever perform it.
Ako: Huh...?! B-but "LOUDER" is such an important song to you... No, to all of us, right?
Yukina: Exactly.
Rinko: Even though it's an important song... there's no need for us... to sing a song about our past... if we're moving into the future...
Rinko: Is that... what you're trying to say...?
Yukina: Of course, this is a very precious song to me. However, the song's importance to me and its relevance to our future path are two different things.
Yukina: I want this to be a choice that I... and Roselia, make together.
Sayo: I agree with your decision.
Lisa: Sayo...
Sayo: Minato-san is disregarding her personal feelings in order to create a solid future for us as Roselia.
Sayo: In that case, I must answer her determination in kind, as a fellow member of Roselia.
Yukina: Thank you. It is because these feelings are precious to me that I want to stop playing the song here. I'm sure it will live on forever as my starting point.
Lisa: So you're saying that playing the song isn't the only way for us to treasure it... I guess there comes a time when every song outlives its purpose.
Lisa: It's kinda sad, but I get it. I'm sure that from here on out, we'll be singing "Song I am." all the time, anyway.
Ako: I still don't really get why this choice is a good one... The strongest feeling I have right now is just sadness...
Ako: But I believe in Yukina-san... and in Roselia! So I'm sure that this choice is the right one!
Ako: If there comes a time where we need "LOUDER" again... or if I think we need to perform it again, I'll be the first one to say so!
Ako: After all, Rin-rin and I are in charge of reminding Roselia of all the important stuff we can't afford to forget!
Rinko: I... I also believe in Yukina-san... and in Roselia...!
Rinko: We should put an end... to the path we've taken to get here...
Rinko: And take a step forward...!
Yukina: Everyone... Thank you.
Yukina: I'm sorry for surprising you all so suddenly. But I'm sure that this choice will lead us to even higher heights.
Lisa: This will be our last time playing "LOUDER" and our first time playing "Song I am." We better put everything we've got into both of them.
Yukina: Of course. Let's leave our mark on everyone in the crowd.
