event105-02 Chapter 1: My Choice

Yukina is having trouble with the new song. She spots Ran and decides to head up to the roof to speak to her.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

[A Few Days Later]

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Yukina: (I haven't come up with anything... In fact, I've been overthinking things to the point where I can't even organize my thoughts anymore.)
Yukina: (... It might be good for me to find someone to talk to.)
Ran: Sorry, I'm going to head up to the roof before I go.
Ran: Go ahead without me.
Yukina: Is that... Mitake-san...? Perhaps I'll try speaking with her. Mitake-sa-...
Yukina: Oh? Where is she going? That should lead to the roof...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Yukina: Mitake-san. What are you doing here?
Ran: ...?! Huh? Minato-san?! Why are you here?
Ran: There aren't any third-year classrooms up here.
Yukina: I know that much. I called out to you many times, but you never noticed, so I followed you.
Ran: You followed me, huh? Now that's scary. What do you want?
Yukina: I'd like to talk to you... about the lyrics we sing.
Ran: What about them...?
(Black cut)
Ran: Hmm... So it's for a song for the festival, huh?
Yukina: If we're being honest, I'm worried about it.
Yukina: I've come this far thinking that singing was all I had... That it was all I could do in order to reach my goals.
Yukina: I knew that my attitude towards music was warped, yet I felt like I had no choice...
Yukina: My relationship with music is different now... But even so, singing still feels like it's my only choice.
Yukina: Have you ever faced something that you felt like you had no choice but to do?
Ran: Not really, I just don't do things I don't wanna do.
Yukina: ... That's certainly sounds like you, Mitake-san.
Ran: I've always run from things I hated, like with flower arranging.
Ran: However, for the sake of something important to me, I chose to face flower arrangement head-on.
Ran: Before, it was something I had to do. Now, it's something I want to do. I've even entered pieces in exhibitions.
Yukina: Is that so? It seems there's still much about you I don't know.
Ran: Well, I don't really talk about this stuff with anyone outside of Afterglow.
Ran: It was my choice to take up flower arrangement again. So I feel like I've got this sense of responsibility to do it now.
Ran: I don't think there's anything wrong with talking it out with others and hearing what they have to say, but in the end, I'm the one making the choices.
Yukina: I'm making the choice...
Ran: ... Anyway, my opinion's just that, an opinion. If it doesn't help, don't come crying to me.
Yukina: It did help. Thank you.
Ran: ... Um.
Yukina: Yes?
Ran: The festival's almost here, right?
Yukina: Yes. I would be very happy if you could all attend.
Ran: You better give the best performance of your lives there.
Ran: I'm not saying I'm expecting anything from you all, or that I'm looking forward to it... I just want you... and Roselia to have the best performance of your lives.
Yukina: Of course. That's what we've been working towards this whole time.
Ran: I hope you can come up with some great lyrics.
Yukina: Thank you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: My choices...
Yukina: I can't get Mitake-san's words out of my head.
Yukina: I am the one who chose to sing as part of Roselia...
Yukina: Tomorrow, I need to tell everyone about our conversation today. I have a feeling those lyrics are within my grasp.
