event105-07 Ending: The Road of Blue Roses Goes On

The girls are overwhelmed by emotions, and Yukina comes to a single conclusion.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Future World Fes - Event Hall]

Yukina: ... Incredible... What an incredible concert...
Sayo: ...
Yukina: Everyone... Thank you so much...!
Lisa: Aaah~!! I can't hold it in anymore! You guys are the best~!!
Sayo: Truly... Truly, this was our best show ever.
Ako: It was awesome! Oh man, I don't even know what to say! It was so... so awesome...!
Rinko: ... I feel it too... My heart won't stop beating...!
Yukina: My voice felt more pure and straightforward than it's ever felt before.
Yukina: The only emotion racing through my heart was... my love of singing.
Yukina: I finally realized just how simple and pure singing really is.
Rinko: We've faced so many challenges... and this is the result... of all of our efforts... If it weren't for them, we could never have gotten here today...!
Lisa: You know... I get the feeling I caught a glimpse of those heights we're aiming for.
Sayo: Yes. Perhaps chasing our desired sound with these simple yet pure feelings... can lead us to reaching the heights we strive for.
Yukina: It's been a long journey.
Lisa: And it's only going to get longer and longer.
Ako: I'm already looking forward to our next show! I want to play again!! I want to keep sprinting ahead!!
Rinko: Me too...! I feel like we can make... even better music...
Yukina: Just as Lisa said, I'm sure there's a long road ahead of us. In fact, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that today, we've taken our first steps as real musicians.
Yukina: So, from here on out... I hope we can keep going, together as always.
Sayo: Of course... It seems everybody has come to say hello.
Ako: You're right! I'm gonna go talk to Sis!
Lisa: Sure, go have fun, everyone.
Yukina: ...
Lisa: It feels like it's been forever since I've seen you make that face, Yukina~. It's like a great big weight has been lifted off your shoulders.
Yukina: I've lived my whole life for this moment. Up until today, I've never let my guard down, even for a second.
Lisa: ... That's true. I'm so glad that I was able to stand onstage with you today.
Lisa: I'm so glad that I chose to keep chasing after you.
Yukina: Stop it, Lisa. You're talking as if everything ends today.
Lisa: Ahaha. I am, aren't I? Sorry.
Yukina's Dad: ... Yukina. Lisa-chan.
Yukina: Father.
Lisa: Ah...! Hello, it's been a long time. Yukina, I'll go chat with the others, okay?
Yukina: No, don't worry about it. It has been an awfully long time since we've all spoken together.
Yukina's Dad: Sorry for calling out to you all of a sudden.
Yukina's Dad: Your show today... was incredible.
Yukina: Thank you. That means a lot coming from the musician I respect most.
Yukina's Dad: I really misjudged you. You've evolved since the last time I saw you perform.
Yukina's Dad: You looked completely fearless on stage.. There was this strength of clarity to your voice as well.
Yukina: There's always been this thought in the back of my head. I wanted to stand on the stage that you never could.
Yukina: But the moment I felt the atmosphere of this venue, I knew that I would be swallowed up in it if I didn't face the music head-on.
Yukina: That's why I was able to stand onstage today with purer emotions than I've ever had before.
Yukina's Dad: I see. And the result was that performance.
Yukina: ... Father.
Yukina: I love music. I'm sure I love it more than anyone else in this world.
Lisa: Yukina...!
Yukina's Dad: ... Yeah. I'm glad to hear you say that. "LOUDER" also sounded stronger than ever today.
Yukina: Actually, there is something I need to tell you.
Yukina's Dad: What is it?
Yukina: "LOUDER" was the song that we received from you... and today was the last day that Roselia will ever play it.
Yukina: That song guided us up until today... But now, we'll move forward on our own.
Yukina's Dad: I see. So it's served its purpose.
Yukina's Dad: Thank you for breathing life into it once more.
Yukina: Thank you for guiding us up until now.
Yukina's Dad: Lisa-chan, thank you for staying by Yukina's side and facing music together with her.
Lisa: And thank you for teaching me how wonderful music is.
Yukina's Dad: ... Sorry for keeping you so long. I'll be heading back now. I'm expecting great things from you all.
Yukina: Of course. I will see you later.
Lisa: Yukina... You told him you loved music.
Yukina: From the bottom of my heart, I love music, and I love singing.
Lisa: Yeah...! Thanks, Yukina...!
Yukina: Alright, then let's go. Everybody's waiting for us. Let's walk towards our future on this path of blue roses.
(White cut)
