event09-01 Opening: A Special Favor

A new wedding hall is opening downtown, and someone's got something to ask Saya...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Downtown]

Rimi: Sigh... I didn't know we were going to have a quiz today.
Saya: That teacher really likes to take everyone by surprise. All I could think was, "Another one?!"
Rimi: Ohh, I wish I studied.
Saya: ... You don't think you did well?
Rimi: I'm not sure. Lately, all I've been doing is practicing with the band.
Saya: Ahh, yeah. When Kasumi gets started, there's no stopping her. It makes sense that rehearsal would take up so much time.
Rimi: I want to focus on the band, but you never know when the next pop quiz will happen... If I have to take extra classes, I won't be able to practice...
Rimi: Uhm... Saya-chan. You can say no if you want, but... do you mind tutoring me?
Saya: No, of course not. And today is perfect. I don't have to help out at home, and there's no rehearsal.
Rimi: Thank you! Uhm, so... Will a cafe be okay?
Saya: Yep. With my little brother at home, it'd probably get noisy there anyway...
Passerby 1: Hey, did you hear? Apparently, there's a new wedding venue opening up soon.
Passerby 2: I know! I heard it was going to be a really fancy place.
Saya: Wedding venue...?
Rimi: What's wrong?
Saya: Ah, I just overheard someone saying there's gonna be a new wedding place opening.
Rimi: Wedding...? I would love to wear one of those dresses one day.
Saya: I get that! Whenever there's a special on TV or in a magazine about wedding dresses, I get caught up.
Saya: There's been a lot of different types recently... Rimi-rin, what kind would you want in the future?
Rimi: M-me...?
Rimi: I said I would love to... I can't imagine myself wearing one, though.
Saya: But aren't there times when you see a dress and you think, I definitely wanna try that one on?
Rimi: Hmm, yeah... I think I would like to wear one that's puffy. Those are cute.
Rimi: What about you?
Saya: I... Ahaha, I can't think of anything. I guess maybe it's too far off, or it's hard to imagine...
Saya: Huh...? That looks like...
Rimi: Is everything okay?
Saya: I've seen that person's face a lot, around town and in my store buying bread.
Rimi: I see... Looks like they're having trouble. I wonder if they're okay.
Saya: Yeah. I'm gonna go see if they need help. Sorry, do you mind going ahead?
Rimi: Okay. I'll get us a seat.
Saya: Thanks. I'll be there soon.
(Black cut)
Saya: Hey.
Person: Oh, Saya-chan. Hey.
Saya: Looks like something's bothering you. Everything okay?
Person: Actually, I was planning on taking some promotion shots, but the model called in last minute to cancel.
Person: The photoshoot is tomorrow. There's no way I'll find a replacement now...
Person: ... Oh, wait. Hold on, hold on...
Saya: ...?
Saya: Wh-what's up? Why are you looking at me like that...?
Person: I got it, this can still happen! ... Saya-chan!
Saya: Huh?!
Person: Will you be my model?!
Saya: Wah~! Me?! I-I can't just become a model, just like that...
Saya: Not to mention, I don't even know what I'd be modeling...
Person: A woman just married. There's a new wedding place opening, so for the promotional photos, I'd like for you to dress up as a newlywed.
Saya: N-newlywed...?!
