event09-02 Chapter 1: I Choose You!

It's Saya's time to shine, modeling as a newlywed. However, it seems the model for the groom can't make it...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Kaoru Seta)

[Downtown]

Saya: Me, a newlywed...?
Saya: On top of that, that means I'd have to wear...
Person: It's okay, You'll definitely look amazing!
Saya: I'm happy to hear that, but...
Saya: (What do I do? If it was something a little more lighthearted, I think I could help, but...)
Saya: (This is a newlywed we're talking about!)
Saya: (Not to mention, the wedding venue must be what those people earlier were talking about. Everyone's got their eyes on this place...)
Saya: (Which means a whole lot of people will see these promotional photos! There's no way I could do something that embarrassing...!)
Person: For this shoot, the idea is wedding ceremonies for young people. Not only would you look great, but you'd be perfect for it!
Saya: B-but I'm still just a high school student... I think maybe that's a bit too young, no? Ahaha~.
Saya: A-and I don't know if I can be mentally prepared for it by tomorrow...
Person: Please! You're our only hope!
Saya: Ungh...
Saya: (Not only have I never done any modeling, but this is making me nervous, too...)
Saya: (At the same time, though, I can't let down someone who needs my help, right...?)
Saya: ... Okay... I... I'll try!
Person: Really?! Thank you! I knew I could count on you, Saya-chan!
Person: Right, so tomorrow, someone from the wedding venue will choose a dress from this pamphlet for you to wear. If you'd like, take a look.
Saya: Thank you.
Person: I should be the one saying that. I can't thank you enough.
Person: The shoot will be at 10 a.m. Can you meet us at the wedding place?
Saya: Yeah, no problem.
Person: Thank you so much. Alright, see you tomorrow.
Saya: ...
Saya: (I was so quick to say yes, but... will I really be able to pull this off?)
Saya: ... I should get to the cafe for now. Rimi-rin is waiting for me.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Rimi: Ah, Saya-chan! Over here!
Saya: Sorry I kept you waiting.
Rimi: You were talking for a long time. Is everything okay?
Rimi: Also... You look a bit worried, Saya-chan... If you want to talk about it, I'm happy to listen.
Saya: Thanks. So I was talking to that person we saw earlier, and...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Ahh... What a fabulous day. It seems the sun is putting up a fight, in an attempt to not be outdone by my elegance.
Kaoru: Who was the first to pronounce that beauty is a sin...?
Person: Huh?! The groom canceled too?! And after going through the trouble of finding a new model for the bride...
Person: What do I do...?
Kaoru: Now then, I must make haste. To the music store. My little kittens await... I know Hagumi will not be able to bear it for much longer.
Kaoru: As much as I'd love to savor their anticipation... I cannot allow it to continue.
Person: ... Oh? That person over there was on the poster I saw earlier for that Hello, Happy... thing...
Person: Yeah! That's perfect...
Kaoru: ... What's this? I can feel someone staring... Does this mean...not only the sun, but the people around me cannot resist being captivated...?
Kaoru: My beauty infallibly attracts the gaze of every man, woman and child... Ahh, can a crime of such weight be allowed to go unpunished?
