event112-02 Chapter 1: A Developing Image

After reading the script, Aya understands what role she's auditioning for, but she still has a lot of concerns...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[After Rehearsal]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Phew, finally finished reading it~. So she's the younger sister and her big sister is a lawyer~... This role sounds tough~.
Aya: I think the staff said there will be two rounds of auditions. The first round is giving a self-introduction and... Wait... what was it again?
Aya: I-I completely forgot... Chisato-chan would probably know, but I don't want to rely on her from the very start.
Aya: Nngh, but how should I be practicing for this anyway? Chisato-chan~...
Chisato: What is it, Aya-chan?
Aya: Ah! Huh?! I thought you'd already left!
Chisato: Not yet. I was reading over the script after rehearsal.
Chisato: Moreover, I thought that you may be having trouble getting started, so I came to check on you... and it seems I was correct.
Aya: Ooo... You got me...
Chisato: Fufu, there is no need to look so down. Why don't we go over everything together?
Aya: Thanks~. I really appreciate it...
Chisato: First, let's tackle the initial round of interviews. I believe the self-introduction and the highlighted casual dialogue are both to see how suited we are for the part.
Aya: Since these lines were selected in advance, I'm guessing it would be best to focus on practicing them.
Chisato: Well, the second round will have us acting out a randomly selected scene, so it would be better to practice the entire script. It will be a test of both our acting ability and adaptability.
Aya: Aaah... I'm feeling kind of nervous now...
Chisato: Don't worry. The more you practice, the more comfortable and confident you will feel.
Aya: I sure hope so~... Hey, Chisato-chan. What should I do for my self-introduction? Are there any standards?
Chisato: Not really, most people simply discuss their interests, talents, or acting experiences. If they ask you anything, simply answer the question honestly.
Chisato: Some actors try to give their introductions in the style of their roles, but the interviewers are professionals. They can see right through that.
Aya: Hmm, I see~. Okay, I'll stick to my true self and practice my introduction at home. Could I run it by you tomorrow?
Chisato: Of course you can. In that case, shall we rehearse these lines together and try to get a grasp of our assigned role?
Aya: Yeah, I'd love to~!
Aya: This drama is centered around the lawyer, right? I love how she tries to defend her client by following the case herself and tracking down the real culprit! It's so cool!
Chisato: We are auditioning for the role of her cheerful, hard-working younger sister. They live together, so the sister often helps out with the chores, but tends to make a mess of things.
Aya: I can definitely relate to that... That reminds me, Hina-chan did say I resemble the little sister, didn't she?
Chisato: Fufu, I would have to agree with her. Although it seems the little sister doesn't like to admit that she enjoys being praised by her older sibling. You're the kind who wouldn't hide it, yes?
Aya: Ah... I guess so. Still, she may not be open with her feelings, but you still get the sense that she loves her big sister. See, check out the scene where they argue on page twenty-five.
Chisato: You're right. After reading through the lines, you can feel the affection she has for her elder sister as she gives her advice.
Aya: It definitely feels like she has her own way of looking out for her big sister.
Chisato: I don't think that's all there is to it, though. It's possible that she also looks up to her lawyer sister.
Chisato: The fact that the elder sister's place is so messy despite her being a professional could mean that she sees home as a place to relax. Doesn't it seem like the little sister knows this?
Chisato: What's more... Because of the age gap, I imagine they did not have much opportunity to play together when they were younger. It's as if they're subconsciously making up for lost time.
Aya: Wow! I can't believe you picked up on all of that...! I didn't even come close to your level of thinking, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: Actors have a habit of examining different aspects of their roles. That being said, anything you theorize may end up being different from the director's interpretation.
Chisato: Your impression may also change depending on the performance of your scene partner.
Aya: Wow, it's interesting that things can change on a dime like that~! I guess a role isn't created by any one person alone.
Chisato: Well, each director has their own style, so I cannot speak for everyone.
Aya: Hey, Chisato-chan. I noticed something while you were talking. Can I run it by you?
Chisato: Yes, by all means.
Aya: The little sister always sees her big sister off at the doorstep, right? It's almost as if her line, "See you soon," also acts as a way to wish her sister good luck.
Chisato: True. Every day, she leaves to tackle such a difficult job alone. I would agree there's a sense of support there.
Aya: I knew it! In that case, it's almost like the little sister is saying she'll be there in spirit, and that her sister won't have to do it alone~.
Chisato: So you think there's another emotion hidden in the emotion of the line.
Aya: Y-yeah... or am I way off...?
Chisato: (To think she would explore the supportive nuance of the line even further... Although, it does feel like there's more to the line than meets the eye...)
Chisato: No, I believe you are correct. By delivering the line in that manner, it could make the younger sister more appealing.
Aya: Really?! Awesome~!
Chisato: (Aya-chan may have come to that conclusion because she herself is such a hard worker. She has such an interesting way of thinking.)
Chisato: Now that we have an idea of the role we're aiming for, let's begin rehearsing the lines together.
Aya: Sure! Sounds good to me!
Chisato: But before we do... Wait just a moment, Aya-chan.
Aya: Chisato-chan...?
