event112-06 Chapter 5: Good Luck

Chisato and Aya gather for the audition. They give it their all with a smile on their faces.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Audition Venue - Hallway]

Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan... Are there really only five people here, including us...?
Chisato: Yes, it would seem so. They're also all actors that I have seen before.
Aya: Ah, you're right! I've seen that girl over there on TV before! Oh no~!
Chisato: ... Aya-chan, do you remember what I said during the initial round of auditions?
Aya: Uh-huh! Um, hang on... We should give it our all and have fun with the auditions, right?
Chisato: Yes, that's right. No matter who the opposition may be, no matter how impossible things may seem, the most important thing is to have a good time.
Chisato: And in my opinion, no one here can do that better than you can, Aya-chan.
Aya: You mean, no one is better at trying hard and having fun than me?
Chisato: Precisely. Besides, we have these adorable charms.
Aya: Ah, the sunflower charms! You brought yours!
Chisato: Of course! Even though we're not auditioning for the lawyer, fufu!
Aya: Awww, Chisato-chan...!
Chisato: ... Aya-chan, let's focus on having fun!
Aya: You got it!
(Black cut)
Chisato: (Aya-chan is third in line, and I am last... Her audition should be ending relatively soon.)
Chisato: (The fact that I'm worrying about someone else when my turn is coming up must be a sign that she's rubbing off on me, fufu.)
Chisato: (In any case, I cannot think of any reason to worry, so I'm feeling fairly confident.)
Chisato: (I don't even feel pressured by my friends' well wishes. Instead, it feels like they're pushing me towards success.)
Chisato: (Who knew that their support could fill me with such warmth...)
Aya: Thank you very much!
Chisato: (Aya-chan... It looks like she's finished.)
Aya: ...
Chisato: (Aya-chan...?)
Aya: ...!
Chisato: (Is she telling me to do my best...?)
Chisato: (Fufu... "Of course I will!")
Aya: ...!
Judge: Next up, Chisato Shirasagi.
Chisato: Present! Thank you for having me.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Audition Venue - Main Room]

Chisato: I am participant number five, Chisato Shirasagi. Nice to meet you.
Judge: Let's get right to it. Please start from page thirty-four, beginning with the scene where the young sister sees the elder sister off at the front door.
Chisato: (That scene...!)
Judge: Please let us know when you're ready.
Chisato: Understood.
Chisato: (This is the part where Aya-chan and I discussed our interpretations of the role...)
Chisato: (She said that a farewell at the front door was the character's way of wishing her sister luck and reminding her that she will always be there for her.)
Chisato: (... Ah.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Chisato: (Aya-chan...?)
Aya: ...!
Chisato: (Is she telling me to do my best...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Chisato: (There she is again, even at a time like this... Fufu.)
Chisato: (In that case...!)
Chisato: Okay, I am ready. Allow me to begin!
(Black cut)
