event112-04 Chapter 3: Intense Supplementary Lessons

The girls feel like celebrating in the rehearsal studio. Did they pass the first round of auditions...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[3 Days Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: Chisato-san!
Maya: Aya-san!
Hina: Congrats on passing your auditions~!
Aya: Whoa~! Thanks, you guys!
Chisato: Come now, no need to make a big deal out of it. We still have another round of auditions to go through.
Eve: Yes, but this is still cause for celebration! I am so happy for you both!
Hina: You've got me feeling totally boppin' too♪ Nice work, Chisato-chan, Aya-chan!
Aya: Hehehe, it's all thanks to the help and support you gave us!
Aya: Everyone gave me advice on the content and appeal of my self-introduction, so I felt confident when the big day came. I didn't slip up even once!
Aya: What's more, going over the assigned material with you guys so many times helped me stay calm during the real thing.
Eve: That is amazing, Aya-san! What a stunning success!
Maya: You're on a roll, Aya-san! Now you just have to keep that pace going into your next audition! Um, what happens in the second round again?
Chisato: In the second round, we must act out a randomly selected scene. The younger sister doesn't appear often, so we must clearly demonstrate the message and purpose of our scene.
Chisato: The television staff will be judging us on acting ability, so it may be a little difficult since you are not accustomed to that environment yet, Aya-chan.
Hina: ...? Chisato-chan, why are you so worried about Aya-chan when you're participating too?
Chisato: Huh...? Ah, you're right...
Maya: Chisato-san is always acting with our best interests in mind, so perhaps she's just used to worrying about us.
Aya: Huh?! Chisato-chan, focus on yourself for now! You don't have to worry about me... At least not that much!
Hina: Hahaha, she still wants some help.
Chisato: To think someone else would have to point out my own habit. How embarrassing. In any case, I promise I'm not straining myself for the sake of others. The thought came to me naturally.
Chisato: Whether it be concerts, events, or other matters, Pastel＊Palettes has always come together to train for the same goal, have we not? It must be a result of that.
Maya: That's true. No matter what kind of job we face, I always envision us pressing forward as one.
Eve: I love that it feels like we are undertaking these auditions as a team!
Maya: Ah, I know what you mean! It's almost as if we're helping from behind-the-scenes.
Hina: Ah, that's exactly it! In that case, we'd better help them out even more!
Maya: Hm? What do you mean?
Hina: Fufufu~♪ I've got the perfect thing in mind! Aya-chan, Chisato-chan, grab your scripts~!
(Black cut)

[1 Hour Later]

Hina: Okay, break time~!
Aya: Phew, I'm beat~! My head is spinning a little...
Chisato: I was a little worried when Hina-chan said she had something in mind, but it is surprisingly effective... if not a tad difficult.
Maya: Eve-san and I select the lines, and you two act them out while Hina-san judges your performance. The real auditions are sure to be similar, so it makes sense to do things this way.
Maya: Although it seems like Hina-san is having more fun watching you two perform than doing any actual helping...
Eve: I am once again reminded of Chisato-san's superb acting skills! Her expressions and mannerisms while in character are nothing like her true self!
Aya: Yeah, that surprised me too! She completely changed in an instant!
Chisato: Thank you, that's a relief to hear. That being said, all of your advice has been extremely helpful.
Hina: Come to think of it, you totally switched things up after we gave you advice on the part in middle of the script where the one little sister is hiding her feelings!
Hina: You know, I wouldn't hold back if that were me~. I'd want my sister to hear everything I have to say♪
Maya: Hina-san, this should be less about comparing yourself to their character and more about observing their performances~.
Hina: That's what I'm doing~. Chisato-chan's acting was so natural that I couldn't help thinking that.
Hina: Oh yeah, Aya-chan's performance improved a lot too! At first, she'd panic while looking for her lines and read them like some kind of robot.
Aya: Right, I kept telling myself that there's no reason to be nervous, but then I would freak out anyway. Chisato-chan's advice helped me out, though.
Aya: Do you remember what she said? "Aya-chan, you read your lines as if every single word must be preserved. You don't need to follow the script exactly, as long as you stay true to the character."
Eve: I see! So instead of simply reciting the lines, you should deliver their message in your own words! How enlightening!
Aya: Right? Thanks to that, I think I'm finally able to imagine myself talking to the other characters.
Chisato: I am glad it was helpful. Although, another thing to keep in mind is that a good delivery is not limited to words alone.
Aya: Ah, hold on. I think I know what you're talking about!
Aya: It's like, um, how I wave my hands or use eye contact to express my feelings while singing!
Maya: I see! You do tend to do that onstage. Do you have any special signals or signs you like to give to the audience?
Aya: Hmmm, let's see. I sometimes give our fans a little wink if our eyes happen to meet!
Aya: It's my way of telling them that they're important to me, that I appreciate their support, and that I'm always cheering them on. Seeing them smile always makes me want to smile back~.
Hina: Whoa~, I'm gonna try that out next time~!
Chisato: If you can convey such an emotional message while also focusing on singing, I believe you'll be able to do the same with acting in no time.
Aya: Really? Hearing that from you makes me think so too!
Hina: Oh! That's the spirit, Aya-chan~! Are you ready to give it another shot now that you're all rested up?
Aya: Yeah! By all means!
Chisato: I'm ready as well.
Eve: Leave the supporting to us!
Maya: I'll give the best advice I can~!
