event112-05 Chapter 4: Cheers from the Heart

Two days until the second round of auditions. As Eve and the others discuss the next day's practice, girls grow excited.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[After Rehearsal]

[Walking Home]

Maya: There are only two days left before the second round of auditions, and it looks like we will have some spare time after tomorrow's rehearsals.
Eve: Wonderful! The more we train, the more your acting seems to improve!
Hina: Ah, why don't we pretend that tomorrow's practice is the real deal?! Make sure to say your audition number when you step inside!
Maya: Hahaha, do we really need to go that far~?
Aya: I think that would be a big help! I'll probably be so nervous that I forget my own number...
Hina: Hahaha, I don't doubt it~. Come to think of it, Aya-chan, I remember you being so nervous that you stuck out your right arm and leg at the same time. We'd better teach you how to walk too!
Aya: Huh? Walking?! I don't need that much practice!
Maya & Eve & Hina: Hahaha!
Chisato: Fufu. Everyone seems to be in high spirits, even after all that training.
Chisato: Although I appreciate all your help, I know you must have your own jobs and schoolwork to focus on as well. Make sure you don't overdo it.
Aya: Ah, you're right...! We had you guys help out even though our regular rehearsals were already done!
Eve: Fufu, it is alright! I never feel like I am pushing myself too hard when it comes to Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: I am here because I want to help you in achieving your goals!
Maya: I feel the same way as Eve-san. I'm just glad that we're able to help, even just a little bit.
Hina: Chisato-chan, you know you can rely on us more, right? You're always thinking of us, so let us think of you for a change!
Chisato: Huh...?
Hina: You can pamper Aya-chan too, but she's always getting spoiled, so don't overdo it, okay?
Aya: Hey! Why are you singling me out?!
Chisato: Everyone... Thank you.
Chisato: Very well, I will take you up on that offer, fufu.
Eve: Please do! Ask us for anything!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Day of the Second Round Auditions]

[Park]

Hina: Aaand cut!
Aya: Thanks for your help, guys!
Eve: Aya-san, Chisato-san, you have to head to the auditions after this, correct? Can you still make it in time?
Chisato: Yes, we should be fine. It may be best to leave soon, though.
Maya: Sigh... The big day is finally here. Even I'm feeling nervous~.
Hina: That's because we've been practicing together this whole time~.
Chisato: Thank you so much, everyone. You provided us with plenty of training, so now all we need to do is get the emotions of the role across to the director.
Chisato: We'll give them the best performances they've ever seen. Isn't that right, Aya-chan?
Aya: Right! I'll walk in and give it everything I've got!
Maya: Aya-san, Chisato-san... Um, please hold out your hands. I want to send my feelings to you!
Maya: Squeeze~! There, you have my full support!
Chisato: Fufu. Thank you, Maya-chan.
Eve: Chisato-san, Aya-san, I would also like to squeeze you~!
Aya: Hahaha, you're going to hug us to death, Eve-chan~!
Hina: Alright, turn around, guys. I'll pump you full of everything you've learned from our training! ... Hah!
Chisato & Aya: Ah!
Hina: Hehehe! See you soon, you two!
Chisato & Aya: We will!
Aya: Hey, Chisato-chan, did you feel that? They were wishing us luck!
Chisato: Huh...?
Aya: They didn't say it out loud, but their feelings came through crystal clear and really cheered me up! It's just like you said during our rehearsals!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Chisato: I am glad it was helpful. Although, another thing to keep in mind is that a good delivery is not limited to words alone.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Aya: That's just like how they held our hands, hugged us, and gave us big pats on the back! Even Hina-chan's send off sounded like she was telling us to do our best.
Chisato: Ah... You're right. All those actions certainly felt like they were wishing us luck.
Chisato: Fufu, it looks like the others gave us some great hints for our performance.
