event112-01 Opening: A Rival...?

Chisato is asked to audition for a role, and it turns out she's not alone...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Pastel＊Palettes: An audition?
Staff: Correct. You've been offered an audition opportunity for a one-shot TV drama. Here is a list of what they'll be looking for, Chisato-san. Best of luck to you.
Chisato: Understood. I wonder what the show is about.
Aya: Ah, I've heard of this director!
Chisato: He is very famous in the television industry. The protagonist is a lawyer... so this must be a legal drama, then.
Hina: Ah, it says they're looking for someone to play the main character's little sister. That's a pretty important role.
Maya: Look here! It says it will be broadcast all throughout Japan! This sounds like a very big undertaking.
Eve: Could that be the script there on the table? It is rather thick~.
Hina: Oh, let me see~!
Eve: Good luck, Chisato-san! If anyone can play this part, it is you!
Chisato: Fufu, thank you very much. However, this audition is not something that can be passed easily.
Aya: It does seem like something you can accomplish though. I'll be cheering you on, too!
Staff: I'm afraid there won't be any time to worry about others, Aya-san. Here, this is your script. We want you to audition, as well.
Maya & Eve & Hina: Huh?!
Aya: What...? Me?!
Chisato: So does this mean that both Aya-chan and myself will be auditioning for the same role?
Staff: To put it simply, we want to secure this contract for our agency at all costs... and the best way to do that would be having both of you participate.
Aya: E-excuse me...! I know why you went with Chisato-chan, but why choose me?
Aya: This is just my opinion, but out of everyone here, I feel like I'm the least cut out for acting...
Hina: I don't know, I read through the script a little, and I think the role fits Aya-chan pretty well. See, check out this line here.
Hina: It says, "You'll be fine! I believe in you, Big Sis!" Doesn't that sound like something Aya-chan would say?
Eve: You're right. The tone and feel really suit Aya-san.
Chisato: Come to think of it, I have heard that this particular director tends to assign roles based on the actors' qualities.
Maya: Interesting. In other words, regardless of whether the director focuses on acting ability or personality, the agency is providing candidates for both approaches.
Staff: Yes, that is correct. And while we understand that not much time remains before the audition, please give it your all! We wish you both the best of luck.
Maya: ... That being said, only one person can receive the role. Hmmm...
Hina: Whatever happens, happens! Just take the offer and roll with it. I mean, the script does look pretty cool!
Eve: I agree! It does not matter who wins, as this will be an excellent opportunity for personal growth through clean competition!
Maya: Oh, well said, Eve-san~!
Aya: Thanks, you guys. I'm going to give it a try!
Chisato: Sounds good. Then we'll both take on this challenge together.
Eve: Aya-san, Chisato-san! You can do it! I will be cheering you on every step of the way!
Maya: As will I! And if there is anything I can do to help, please do not hesitate to ask!
Chisato: Is that so? Would you mind helping me train by acting out all of the other roles in the script, then?
Maya: Huh?! E-every role?! O-okay, let me make a copy, and...
Chisato: Fufufu. I was joking, Maya-chan. Forgive me.
Maya: A joke...! Y-you had me worried~!
Aya: Yeah, me too...!
Chisato: Oh, Aya-chan...
Chisato: Aya-chan. Let's both try our best and give it our all.
Aya: Of course! I mean, I'm a little nervous since this is my first time auditioning for a TV drama, but I'll give it my best shot!
Chisato: Don't worry, Aya-chan. I will be glad to offer any help that I can.
Hina: Wow, sounds like Chisato-chan's feeling pretty confident. She even has time to help you~.
Chisato: No, that is not the case at all. While it is true that I have more experience than Aya-chan, it would be foolish to assume that alone will allow me to pass the audition.
Chisato: Everyone is on the same level. That goes for myself and Aya-chan, as well.
Eve: I see... In other words, the path to securing an acting role is paved with hardship. A true test of bushido!
Chisato: Bushido... I am not sure about all that, but auditions are always quite nerve-racking, yes.
Chisato: However, Aya-chan and I are aiming for the same goal, so I believe it will also be a lot of fun.
Aya: You mean it?! I feel the same way! Knowing that we'll both be trying our best out there has me all pumped up!
Hina: Hahaha! Chisato-chan, Aya-chan, you both sound pretty hyped up!
Maya: Huhehe, I would say so.
Aya: Okay~! Let's nail this part, Chisato-chan~!
