event112-07 Ending: Two Actors

Pastel＊Palettes gathers to see the results of the audition. Who got the part...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Talent Agency]

Hina: Congratulations, Chisato-chan~! I knew you could do it!
Eve: There were a lot of very famous actors there as well, right? You truly are amazing!
Maya: We were all on pins and needles waiting for the results~.
Chisato: Thank you. I couldn't have done it without all of your help.
Eve: And let us not forget the other victor here!
Hina: We can't talk about the auditions and leave her out of the picture!
Maya: Congratulations, Aya-san~!
Chisato: Congratulations, Aya-chan.
Aya: Hehehe, thanks~!
Hina: Man, I can't believe they picked you for the role of the friend of Chisato-chan's character! You sure are popular~!
Maya: You were chosen for a role that you didn't even audition for. A result of all your hard work, no doubt!
Chisato: The staff said the director took a liking to Aya-chan's performance. Apparently, it was her unabashed emotions and the fact that she seemed to enjoy acting that sealed the deal.
Aya: Wow, they said all those nice things about me? Oh man, that means I need to step up my game and really focus from here on out...!
Eve: Fufu, Aya-san is ready for action!
Hina: Chisato-chan is the type of actor who can switch things up for a role, but I get the feeling Aya-chan will just get stuck being her same old self~.
Eve: It is so wonderful that you were both chosen to appear in the show! I cannot wait to see it for myself!
Maya: Me neither~! We should all watch it together!
Aya: Ah, I'd be down for that!
Chisato: Fufu, you are all getting ahead of yourselves. Filming hasn't even begun.
Chisato: ... Ah, speaking of which, it is about time we left. Shall we go, Aya-chan? I would like to arrive early for our first face-to-face meeting.
Aya: G-good idea! This is our first time meeting everyone... Oh no, now I'm getting nervous...
Hina: You get nervous at our concerts, and you were nervous during the auditions. Is there a time when you're not nervous, Aya-chan?
Aya: D-don't say that~!
Chisato: Don't worry, I will be right there with you. We'll go around and greet everyone together.
Aya: Ah~, Chisato-chan, you're like my knight in shining armor~.
Maya: Huhehe... Aya-san is the same as ever~.
Eve: Yes! As is Chisato-san!
Aya: Alright, we're heading out, guys!
Chisato: We will see you all later.
Maya & Eve & Hina: See you soon!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Riverside]

Aya: Sigh~... I still can't believe this is happening. I'm going to appear in a TV drama.
Chisato: Fufu, I understand the feeling. Still, we need to buckle down and perform well enough to satisfy even those who failed the auditions.
Aya: Yeah, you're right. I'll do everything I can to show the staff they made the right decision when they picked me!
Aya: ... Hey, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Yes?
Aya: You seemed so cool and calm during the role selection announcements, but was any part of you worried at all?
Chisato: Of course I was... I had to clench my fists to hide the fact that I was shaking down to my fingertips.
Chisato: I put my all into passing those auditions, so I suppose I also wanted to appear confident.
Chisato: But this time around, I had our bandmates' support throughout our rehearsals and auditions, so I was able to face this audition like any other... This victory is thanks to them.
Chisato: Passing this particular audition has brought me more joy than any from the past.
Aya: Wow, I had no idea. But you know, seeing you happy makes me happy too!
Chisato: Is that so? Actually, you gave me a lot of encouragement back then.
Aya: Huh...? Really? When? I feel like you and the others are the ones who encouraged me...
Chisato: Well, that also happened, but... You see, the scene for my second audition was the one where the younger sister sees off her older sister.
Chisato: Aya-chan, you gave me a wink to wish me luck before my turn, didn't you? That was the hint I needed to use my eyes to give a better performance.
Aya: That's a relief! So my message got through to you, then!
Chisato: Fufu, that's what I mean when I say you gave me a lot of strength. Thank you, Aya-chan. And thank you for the sunflower charm, as well♪
Aya: Come on, I didn't do anything special! You're the one who taught me so much and encouraged me to keep going!
Chisato: Well... I can't argue with that.
Aya: Awww, Chisato-chan~!
Chisato & Aya: Fufufufu!
Aya: ... Hey, I have an idea! Why don't we grab some snacks after meeting everyone?
Aya: I found a cute sweets shop by the station! It will be our reward for doing so well!
Chisato: Goodness, Aya-chan. More snacks?
Aya: I-is that a... no...?
Chisato: I suppose... an occasional treat wouldn't hurt~.
Aya: Yay!
Chisato: After we properly greet our new coworkers, of course. There is no sense in indulging ourselves if we can't do our jobs correctly, right?
Aya: Right! Let's give it our all, Chisato-chan! I hope you'll continue to be there for me!
Chisato: And I hope for the same. I'm in your hands, Aya-chan♪
(Black cut)
