event112-03 Chapter 2: Taking Your Hands in Mine

Hina and the others appear from behind the door. They've come to check on Aya and Chisato.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Chisato-chan...? Why are you looking at the door...?
Chisato: Why don't the three of you stop hiding and come out? Maya-chan, Eve-chan, Hina-chan.
Aya: Huh?!
Hina: See, I told you~. Our cover was totally blown.
Eve: How did she notice us~? We crept forth like the most stealthy of ninja.
Maya: H-how long did you know we were there, Chisato-san?
Chisato: I suppose it was when we began discussing the details of our role.
Maya: S-so from the very start...!
Aya: I thought you guys had gone home already. You should've just said something.
Hina: We came back because Maya-chan was worried~. I tried to tell them that you two would be fine, but you know.
Maya: Huhehe... My apologies...
Eve: We had hoped to not interfere with your rehearsal. Please forgive us for hiding.
Chisato: No, I apologize for making you worry. Would you like to stay and listen to us practice our lines?
Maya: Huh? Are you sure you don't mind? We wouldn't want to get in the way...
Aya: You wouldn't be! I'd love to have you listen and give your feedback!
Chisato: Exactly. Your opinions may provide insight on how to better expand upon our role. Your assistance would be much appreciated.
Eve: It would be my pleasure! I will do anything I can to help!
Hina: Me too, me too~! I was just thinking of how fun this sounded! This is the script, right? Now let me see~.
Maya: Ah, please control yourself, Hina-san~!
Aya: Hehehe! It's okay, Maya-chan. Chisato-chan and I were just talking about going over the lines together anyway.
Aya: Could you stick around too?
Maya: Absolutely! I would love to hear you in action!
Chisato: Fufu. It has been a while since I have had a script rehearsal this lively.
Aya: Oh yeah, you typically do this on your own. The last time we talked about acting stuff together was back when they filmed the Pastel＊Palettes movie, right?
Chisato: Yes, I believe so. That was quite the ordeal, especially since you kept forgetting your lines, Aya-chan...
Aya: D-don't remind me~!
Chisato: Fufu. That movie in and of itself made for a good experience. Having everyone together really does make things more entertaining.
Hina: Fufu, looks like Chisato-chan is enjoying herself!
Chisato: Oh? Do you think so...?
Eve: Yes! Seeing you smile like that makes me happy as well!
Maya: Spending time together like this certainly is a lot of fun!
Aya: For sure! Alright, we'd better get practicing! Right, Chisato-chan?!
Chisato: Fufu, indeed. Very well, let's begin with the entrance scene on page six.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Day of the First Round Auditions]

[Audition Venue - Hallway]

Chisato: It's almost time. Are you ready, Aya-chan?
Aya: Y-y-y-y-yeah! N-n-n-n-no problem!
Chisato: Aya-chan, I swear... In that case...
Chisato: Listen, Aya-chan. We are enemies from here on out. If you do not accept this role as your own, then you stand no chance of winning.
Aya: Huh~?!
Chisato: ... Is what I would normally advise in this situation... However, we came this far by working together. So let's both focus on passing the audition.
Aya: Jeez, Chisato-chan~! You had me going there~!
Chisato: Fufu, that's because you're even more rattled than usual. I was trying to help you relax a little.
Aya: Well, you scared me so much that now I'm even more jittery~.
Chisato: Oh my, did it have the opposite effect...? Okay then, have a look around. Everyone else is just as nervous as you are.
Chisato: And I am certain that the interviewers are very excited to see what sort of performances they will be presented with today.
Chisato: So, why don't we show them our best and try to enjoy the audition?
Aya: I see... Yeah, you're right. I'm not the only one who feels this way. I mean, I get nervous before our shows, and those are tons of fun once we're up on stage!
Aya: Thanks, Chisato-chan. I feel a little better now!
Chisato: Concerts and acting auditions are not exactly the same... but I am glad that I was able to cheer you up.
Chisato: Well, my seat is over there, so I'll be going now.
Aya: Ah, wait a second! Here, this is for you if you want it.
Chisato: A charm? A yellow flower... Is this perhaps a sunflower?
Aya: Bingo! Did you know? The lawyer character's badge is in the shape of a sunflower. So I thought it would help us get into character. I have one for myself too~.
Chisato: Fufu, so that's why you chose a sunflower. Thank you. Although, the role we're applying for is not the lawyer...
Aya: Huh...? Ah, you're right...
Aya: Oh no, now I've done it! Sorry, Chisato-chan! Jeez, I always do stuff like this!
Chisato: Fufufu! I figured you hadn't noticed. Goodness, Aya-chan... Stop making me laugh... Fufu!
Aya: Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Oh dear, I'm sorry for laughing at a time like this. I will treasure this charm.
Aya: Okay!
Chisato: (I had intended to calm Aya-chan's nerves, but she ended up calming mine instead.)
Chisato: (Thank you, Aya-chan. I promise to do my best as well!)
