967_Chiyu Tamade_R4 Change the World

Gacha phrase: I have some sweet news for you before the encore!

<A Fascinating Frame>

(Character: Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): Now to face the camera... There. PAREO, is the chair positioned correctly? It's not off, is it?
PAREO (Reona): Sigh~♪ You always look so magnificent when you're being serious, CHU²-sama~.
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO! Are you done setting up the camera or not?!
PAREO (Reona): It's all set! I have configured the camera exactly to your specifications♪
PAREO (Reona): Why do you want to shoot a video though? We did not shoot any promotional videos for our other preliminary shows.
CHU² (Chiyu): We're up against Roselia in our next show. I want to do everything that I can to stack the odds in our favor.
CHU² (Chiyu): I can't show them any mercy. I have to do everything I can to crush Roselia...
PAREO (Reona): That's my CHU²-sama~♪ In other words, the early bird catches the worm~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Precisely! Now that you understand, hurry up and start recording!
PAREO (Reona): Um~, before that, I have a few suggestions...
CHU² (Chiyu): What?
PAREO (Reona): You see, while I was setting up the camera, I happened upon something spectacular... Look at this!
CHU² (Chiyu): These are...
PAREO (Reona): These are all filters you can use while shooting! Just look at them all.
PAREO (Reona): With these, we can make your video look even more magnificent, CHU²-sama♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Pass. We don't need any extra effects.
PAREO (Reona): Please hear me out! For example, with this flower filter~...
PAREO (Reona): We can make it look like you're frolicking in a field of flowers!
CHU² (Chiyu): What the-?! What's the point of that?!
PAREO (Reona): Sigh~, you look marvelous surrounded by flowers, CHU²-sama~♪
PAREO (Reona): But that's not all! I believe I've found the perfect filter for you... One that flawlessly captures your charm.
PAREO (Reona): I just know that you're going to love this one, CHU²-sama!
PAREO (Reona): Are you ready~? Here we go~!
PAREO (Reona): Voila♪ An adorable filter full of cute little kitties!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Kitties?
PAREO (Reona): I just have to select this filter and... Behold!
PAREO (Reona): You're surrounded by an army of kitties~♪
CHU² (Chiyu): ... And? How are cats important to our video?!
PAREO (Reona): Ah, CHU²-sama, could you possibly move a little to the left?
CHU² (Chiyu): Pardon? Why would I do that...?
PAREO (Reona): That way you look even more adorable♪
CHU² (Chiyu): That's what I'm trying to tell you! I have no desire to film an adorable video!
PAREO (Reona): Understood... Well, then I'll move the camera ever so slightly and...!
PAREO (Reona): It's finished~! Look, now there's a little kitty sleeping on your head!
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, I am certain that your head would make for an excellent pillow, CHU²-sama♪
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO! Do you understand just how important this next preliminary show is?!
PAREO (Reona): Of course I do! You've always wanted to compete against Roselia. You've said so yourself countless times, correct?
CHU² (Chiyu): Wrong answer! That's not the only reason!
CHU² (Chiyu): This show is a vital step to bringing attention to RAISE A SUILEN's existence...
CHU² (Chiyu): This concert will prove... that RAS is the strongest band ever!
CHU² (Chiyu): So being adorable is not a part of the equation here. Understand?!
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama... Ooo~, you have moved me to tears~!
PAREO (Reona): Once again, you have shown me just how much RAS means to you!
PAREO (Reona): A maid's desires are the same as her master's... I shall make your dreams come true, CHU²-sama!
PAREO (Reona): Just leave it to me♪
PAREO (Reona): Okey-dokey, let's get this show on the road! Are you ready, CHU²-sama?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Ready when you are. Now hurry up.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, PAREO~♪
PAREO (Reona): Then we shall start filming in five, four, three...
CHU² (Chiyu): Hello, everyone. I'm the producer of RAISE A SUILEN, CHU².


<Our Victory>

(Character: Chiyu Tamade)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Why does it feel like we're always replacing our equipment?
Marina: Oh well. No use worrying about it. Let's get to the store and hurry back.
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh, if it isn't Marina and {{userName}}. How are you?
Marina: Hello, CHU²-chan! We're doing fine. How about you?
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm exemplary, of course! I finally crushed Roselia!
Marina: You're talking about the Girls Band Challenge, correct? RAS and Roselia's showdown really was intense!
Marina: To be honest, I think either of you could have won. Both of your performances were very strong.
CHU² (Chiyu): Indeed. Roselia's concert that day was very high-level. I'll admit that.
CHU² (Chiyu): However, the victor was still RAS!
CHU² (Chiyu): The sweet, excellent and unstoppable band proved to be none other than RAS!
Marina: You seem very please with the results.
CHU² (Chiyu): Naturally. It wasn't an easy battle, after all.
Marina: What do you mean?
CHU² (Chiyu): Like I said before, Roselia is a very high-level band.
CHU² (Chiyu): In this era filled with girls bands, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to call their skills top class.
CHU² (Chiyu): The fact that we managed to crush them... shows that RAISE A SUILEN's existence has value.
Marina: Value, huh...? I can see that.
CHU² (Chiyu): If we keep this up, we'll be the leaders of this girls band age.
CHU² (Chiyu): In order to do that, we need to win the Girls Band Challenge, and I swear that we will.
Marina: Well, as one of the planners, I can't support any specific band...
Marina: But I am happy to know that the Girls Band Challenge will be one heck of a show.
CHU² (Chiyu): Yeah, just leave it to us. Our sound will turn that tournament into a transcendent show.
Marina: Good. I'm looking forward to it.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Ah, it's that late already? Chatting sure makes the time fly by.
CHU² (Chiyu): I should be on my way.
Marina: Yeah, we need to leave too. I hope everything goes well for RAS. We'll be cheering you on.
CHU² (Chiyu): I promise you won't regret those words.
CHU² (Chiyu): Now then, farewell.
