1073_Chiyu Tamade_R4 The World is Ours!

Gacha phrase: LAYER, show me how deep that desire goes!

<The Opponent I Wanna Crush>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Rokka Asahi, Chiyu Tamade)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Yukina: My supplementary lessons lasted longer than I thought they would... It is almost time for rehearsals. I need to hurry.
Yukina: ...? Over there, is that...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Yukina Minato! It's about time you showed up!
Yukina: CHU²... Do you need something?
CHU² (Chiyu): Don't play dumb with me. I sent you an invitation to our show the other day, so why didn't you come?!
Yukina: Because Roselia had a concert on the same day. Prioritizing my own performance is common sense, is it not?
CHU² (Chiyu): W-well...
Yukina: Is that all? If so, then I really must be going.
CHU² (Chiyu): S-stop right there! The whole reason I came here today was to show you something!
Yukina: Show me what?
CHU² (Chiyu): Footage from our show, of course! I'll have you know that we're nothing like what you saw at Budokan.
CHU² (Chiyu): RAS is constantly evolving. Feast your eyes on these clips and tremble before our outstanding performance!
Yukina: No thank you.
CHU² (Chiyu): Wha- Hang on! Would it hurt you to take a peek?!
Yukina: There is no need. I have nothing to gain from seeing the same material twice.
CHU² (Chiyu): Exactly! Watching it again would- Wait, what?
Yukina: Lisa told me that RAS would be hosting a live stream. We watched it in the dressing room.
Yukina: It was somewhat different than seeing a show in person, but it was surprisingly tolerable. Rather interesting, in fact.
CHU² (Chiyu): Really?! Yukina Minato, you actually watched us play...
CHU² (Chiyu): A-and your thoughts? What did you think after seeing RAISE A SUILEN in action?!
Yukina: ... Let's see. It was very much an overall improvement from your previous show. From the performances and the visuals to the acoustics and production, each area was clearly calculated.
Yukina: Your sound was more turbulent than before, but instead of falling apart, it sprang to life with a surge of energy. This can be credited to the large amount of time you dedicate to rehearsing.
CHU² (Chiyu): S-sounds like you finally see the light. Anything else?
Yukina: ... What stood out the most to me would have to be LAYER's vocals. The intensity in her voice had clearly changed.
Yukina: Moreover, the drive of the other members increased as her performance carried them forward. That is not something you would see in a typical performance.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...! I know, right?!
CHU² (Chiyu): LAYER's vocals will only continue to improve! She may even reach a point where she'll be out of your league.
Yukina: It's true that she is a talented vocalist. Her range and volume are impressive. She has a powerful voice indeed.
Yukina: Which is further enhanced by the guitar, keyboard, and drums. Not to mention you, the DJ. I have no qualms with admitting that each and every member is first-class.
CHU² (Chiyu): Fufufufu. What brought this on? So frank and to the point. Are you finally ready to accept RAS as the best there is?
Yukina: I relayed facts and nothing more. RAS is the real deal.
CHU² (Chiyu): O-of course we are! We don't need you to tell us that!
CHU² (Chiyu): Got that? RAS is going to crush Roselia into the dirt! Say your prayers, because we're coming for you!
Yukina: By all means.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmph, looks like you still have confidence to spare... Hm? Is that... LOCK?
LOCK (Rokka): E-eek~! I thought I heard a commotion! CHU²-san, what are you doing here?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hello, LOCK. As high-strung as usual, I see.
LOCK (Rokka): Please don't change the subject! Look, everyone nearby is staring right at us~!
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't care about them. I'm busy giving Yukina Minato a piece of my mind.
LOCK (Rokka): Wh-what do you mean by-...? Ah, Yukina-senpai?! Hello.
Yukina: Good afternoon.
CHU² (Chiyu): Argh, don't be such a drag, LOCK. We're off school grounds, so it's not like I need an appointment.
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you're clearly missing the point!
CHU² (Chiyu): Well, forget it. We're heading back to the studio. Let's go, LOCK.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? But I thought you had business with Yukina-senpai...
CHU² (Chiyu): That conversation is over.
Yukina: Indeed. I have heard more than enough.
LOCK (Rokka): E-eek~! And what exactly did you say to her~?! Yukina-senpai, please forgive us for any trouble CHU²-san may have caused!
CHU² (Chiyu): Don't apologize to her! I didn't do anything wrong!
Yukina: Will that be all? I must tend to my rehearsals. Farewell.
LOCK (Rokka): G-goodbye, Yukina-senpai! Please take care~. Phew~... My heart's racing... It doesn't look like things got too out of hand... I hope.
LOCK (Rokka): Now, let's hurry back to the studio... CHU²-san?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Fufu.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? Wh-what is it? Why are you grinning like that?!
CHU² (Chiyu): You must be seeing things! Come on, we're out of here! There is still a lot of practice that needs doing!
LOCK (Rokka): O-okay! I understand! Please wait up~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Get ready, Roselia! We, the members of RAISE A SUILEN, will crush you with everything we've got!


<The Path to Being the Best>

(Character: Chiyu Tamade)

[Station Entrance]

CHU² (Chiyu): ... Yes, could you possibly send me the details in a message? Yes, please include the other materials. Thank you.
CHU² (Chiyu): Phew, and that makes number ten. I'll need to revise our schedule.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hm? Is that...? Salutations, Marina and {{userName}}. Fancy meeting you here.
Marina: Hello, CHU²-chan. Making some work calls?
CHU² (Chiyu): Indeed. We've been flooded with show and interview offers since our last concert!
CHU² (Chiyu): We had a lot of offers before as well, but that last concert was a huge boost. The incessant swarm of calls has been keeping me busy!
Marina: Wow, way to go! I'm not surprised considering what I heard about your last show.
CHU² (Chiyu): Fufu, the world finally understands what we're all about. RAISE A SUILEN is now the new leader of the girls band era!
Marina: RAS certainly has a lot of energy as a band. That obviously goes for your performances, but also includes your ability as a producer.
Marina: Your innovative performances, the way you can get other bands together, and your abilities in business negotiations put you on the same level as the adults.
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course. My power as a producer is the real deal.
CHU² (Chiyu): Then again, it's my first time running a band, so as much as I hate to admit it, there are still many areas that I lack experience in.
CHU² (Chiyu): Not to mention that I never thought that I would get dragged into a fight.
Marina: A fight? Are you alright, CHU²-chan?
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm fine. It's over and done with.
Marina: I see. When you're in a band, there are times when you inevitably butt heads with the other members, no matter how close you are.
CHU² (Chiyu): Fighting is a waste of time. We should always put on the ultimate performance despite what we're going through at the time. Never let negative emotions influence your performance.
CHU² (Chiyu): However, after this last incident, I realized that communication and getting your feelings out there are very important for a band.
CHU² (Chiyu): If our band is going to electrify the world, a few fights now and then are probably going to be necessary.
Marina: Yeah. I agree with that.
Marina: Fufu, you really are impressive, CHU²-chan. You're always moving forward, working hard, and trying your best.
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course! A producer of my caliber can never waver!
Marina: Fufu, well said... Ah, that's not good. We need to hurry back to CiRCLE!
Marina: Sorry for chatting for so long. Alright, see you later, CHU²-chan!
CHU² (Chiyu): Wait... Marina, {{userName}}. I, uh... appreciate you taking the time to listen to me.
Marina: Fufu, you're welcome.
CHU² (Chiyu): B-bye for now!
