1128_Chiyu Tamade_R3 I’m So Excited!

Gacha phrase: Hey, PAREO! You're being too loud!

<We’re on This Side>

(Character: Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): Ahh~... The open recording of All Day＊Bushido was amazing...
PAREO (Reona): It was just so cute watching all the members of Pastel＊Palettes talking together like that~!
PAREO (Reona): Eve-chan even winked and did the Kuji-kiri pose...! Is it really okay for me to be this happy?
CHU² (Chiyu): Ugh, you're overreacting.
PAREO (Reona): No I am not~! They are the very source of my happiness.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, how did you find the open recording?
CHU² (Chiyu): How did I find it...? All I can say is that it was a very idol-like event.
PAREO (Reona): Is that so...?
CHU² (Chiyu): However, I could see that they were thinking of their fans with the structure of the project and from their thoughtful comments during their talk.
PAREO (Reona): ...! Yeah, that is what I mean! I knew you would understand, CHU²-sama!
PAREO (Reona): Pastel＊Palettes treasure their fans dearly. One time, when some of their fans were fighting, Eve-chan helped them make up.
PAREO (Reona): She did so by telling them they were all comrades, and that they would conquer Japan together!
PAREO (Reona): Eve-chan was so cool that time... She is both cool and cute. She's invincible!
CHU² (Chiyu): Y-yeah...
PAREO (Reona): Eve-chan is very sincere and frank with her fans, whether it be at concerts, meet and greets, or her radio show.
PAREO (Reona): Even with the segments on her show, she is always trying her best... So I guess watching her do this makes me want to work harder too.
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... She's a pro, so of course she works hard... But-
PAREO (Reona): But?
CHU² (Chiyu): That video you showed me of one of Pastel＊Palettes' past performances...
CHU² (Chiyu): You could tell they were pros... because of the way they thought about how to best showcase each member.
CHU² (Chiyu): Pastel＊Palettes are idols, and their music is different from ours.  Even so, there are things we can learn from them.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama...! It may not be long before you too become a fan of Pastel＊Palettes!
CHU² (Chiyu): Me? A Pastel＊Palettes fan? No way.
CHU² (Chiyu): I am a producer. Before I can become anybody's fan, I have to be on the side that excites the audience.
CHU² (Chiyu): Because of that, I must constantly pursue new music and think of how to make the most of its appeal.
CHU² (Chiyu): The same goes for you, PAREO, because you are the keyboardist of RAS.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama...
PAREO (Reona): (CHU²-sama is the best when she talks about RAS.)
PAREO (Reona): (And... Because of that, I...)
CHU² (Chiyu): ... What're you smiling about?
PAREO (Reona): Nothing. I knew you felt this way, CHU²-sama, so I was thinking how it was a miracle that you came to the open recording with everyone...
PAREO (Reona): I was so happy that I could see my favorite band with my favorite people.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama. Thank you very much for today!
CHU² (Chiyu): I didn't do anything worth thanking me for.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I was just a little curious since you won't stop talking about Pastel＊Palettes lately.
PAREO (Reona): ...?! CHU²-sama... Does that mean...?! You have become a little interested in Pastel＊Palettes, haven't you?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Th-that's not what I meant!
PAREO (Reona): But this is your chance to become even a fraction more interested in them!
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, if you want to know all about Pastel＊Palettes' good qualities, you must see them live! Please come with me to a show next time!
CHU² (Chiyu): I told you, that's not what I meant! But... I guess there would be some merit in going to one of their shows.
PAREO (Reona): Then I shall purchase a light stick for you, CHU²-sama!
CHU² (Chiyu): No, thank you! I want to focus on their performance.
PAREO (Reona): No, no, a light stick is crucial for idol concerts!
PAREO (Reona): As their fans, no, as their friends, we have to show unity by changing the colors and movements of our light sticks for each song-
CHU² (Chiyu): I told you, I'm not their fan!
PAREO (Reona): Not to worry. By the end of the show, you will be captivated by Pastel＊Palettes.
PAREO (Reona): I know! Let's practice our calls and chants for the concert. After all, as fans, cheering and adding to the excitement is our job!
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, please copy what I do. Here I go~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Enough! Listen to people when they speak~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Pastel＊Palettes and RAS>

(Character: Chiyu Tamade)

[Record Shop]

Marina: Okay, we've finished our errands, so how about we head back to CiRCLE?
CHU² (Chiyu): This CD is by that musician who suddenly got popular. This CD is...
Marina: Oh? Is that CHU²-chan... in the new releases section?
CHU² (Chiyu): Ahh, Marina, {{userName}}. Hi.
Marina: Hello. Are you stuck on which CD to buy?
CHU² (Chiyu): No. I was just checking the new releases while shopping with PAREO.
Marina: I see. Did PAREO-chan have her eye on a CD?
CHU² (Chiyu): A Pastel＊Palettes CD. I really don't understand why you would buy multiple copies of the same CD just to get the limited-edition content.
Marina: PAREO-chan is a big Pastel＊Palettes fan, after all.
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... All she talks about lately is Pastel＊Palettes. I'm sick of it.
CHU² (Chiyu): The other day, she even dragged me along to one of their open recordings!
Marina: Fufu, I can imagine what she must have looked like while watching it. How did you find it, CHU²-chan? Did you have fun?
CHU² (Chiyu): Well... It wasn't boring.
CHU² (Chiyu): Pastel＊Palettes and RAS have completely different targets, but they work hard as idols.
CHU² (Chiyu): They speak in a simple way so everyone in the audience can understand them, and they are cheery right up until the end so they can reach their fans with joy.
Marina: PAREO-chan said she had fun, so it really must have been an enjoyable event for all.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I won't deny it. I was also able to see a relationship between the performer and the audience that's different from ours.
CHU² (Chiyu): In that respect, we, RAS, show the audience the best, coolest most perfect music to make them go crazy. Delivering joy is not our main goal.
Marina: Now that you say that, "make them go crazy" is the perfect way to describe your shows.
CHU² (Chiyu): However, Pastel＊Palettes puts dreams and courage into their music so it "reaches" their audience.
CHU² (Chiyu): Fans watch idols work hard with smiles on their faces, and their hopes and dreams pile up around them. It's just as PAREO said, idols are like shining lights.
CHU² (Chiyu): And surely that is because they consciously try to reach their audience. As fellow musicians, they made me realize this method exists.
Marina: I see. Sounds like you gained something from it too then, CHU²-chan.
CHU² (Chiyu): Yes. It was a pain at first, but I am glad I went to the open recording.
CHU² (Chiyu): Thanks to that, RAS can go even further forward... We will become the best.
Marina: I'd better keep my eye on RAS then. Don't you think so?
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course. Look forward to the ever-evolving music of RAS!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... It seems PAREO has finished checking out. Goodbye, Marina, {{userName}}.
