1373_Chiyu Tamade_R4 Uncontrollable Feelings

Gacha phrase: I'm still just Chiyu Tamade!

<Proving Who’s the Greatest>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Station Entrance]

CHU² (Chiyu): ... What's taking the other three so long?! Have you heard from them, PAREO?!
PAREO (Reona): Ah, they apparently stepped out of the ticket gate just now, so they should be here shortly...
LOCK (Rokka): I-I'm sorry for keeping you waiting!
LAYER (Rei): Sorry. Stuff happened.
MASKING (Masuki): LOCK suddenly got it in her head that she needed to go change and kept tryin' to go back home.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-that's because we're going to a concert featuring CHU²-san's mother! I'm really not sure it's okay to be dressed so casually...
CHU² (Chiyu): You don't need to worry about that. Just look at me.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, you'll be fine as long as you act like you belong there. And seein' as we're the ones who got invited, lookin' a little flashy shouldn't be a problem.
LAYER (Rei): I sort of get where you're coming from though, LOCK. It's not every day that you get to see a world-renowned soloist perform.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes... And even back in Gifu, I rarely went to concerts like this, so...
PAREO (Reona): By the way, CHU²-sama, do you often go to your mother's concerts?
CHU² (Chiyu): It's been a while for me too. She primarily performs overseas, so that makes it a bit difficult.
CHU² (Chiyu): But she still sends me tickets for every single one and says I'm always welcome.
LAYER (Rei): Wow... Every single one? Shouldn't you at least go see her perform once in a while then?
CHU² (Chiyu): As RAS' producer, I can't afford to just make room in my schedule.
CHU² (Chiyu): And she always contacts me at the last minute.
CHU² (Chiyu): How am I even supposed to go all the way to a concert in Helsinki when she suddenly lets me know the day before?
CHU² (Chiyu): And that's not all, she...
All: ...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Wh-what?
LAYER (Rei): Oh, I was just thinking it's rare for you to talk about your mom this much.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...!
CHU² (Chiyu): S-so what?! It's not a big deal! Anyway, if we're going to make it in time, we need to hurry because all of you were late! Go faster!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After the Concert]

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): Th-that was indeed an impressive performance from start to finish...
MASKING (Masuki): No kiddin'. I've been to a few classical music concerts at my school, but I've never seen a performance that came even close to bein' that good...
LAYER (Rei): Just one note from CHU²'s mom was enough to change the atmosphere of the entire venue.
LOCK (Rokka): Coming face to face with the performance of someone who plays at the world level made me realize what an engaging performance is truly like...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... All of you seem to be pretty awed.
MASKING (Masuki): Who wouldn't be after hearin' somethin' like that? Your mom's performance really was on a different level...
CHU² (Chiyu): You're not wrong about that, of course. I'd even question your potential as a musician if you felt nothing.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... But our show was good enough to make a musician of that caliber say she was stimulated... Right?
All: ...!
CHU² (Chiyu): My mom is someone who never lies when it comes to music, so if she said so, it means that's how good our music is.
CHU² (Chiyu): And don't forget that we're eventually going to show the world what unbeatable music is like, so we don't have time to waste standing around.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama...
CHU² (Chiyu): The Advanced Rock Festival was just the beginning. Right now, we're a tiny bit overwhelmed by my mom's performance...
CHU² (Chiyu): But we'll someday put on a show that's just as good... No, I take that back. We're going to do even better.
CHU² (Chiyu): We have the strength to do so... At least that's what I believe.
MASKING (Masuki): ... You really are somethin', y'know, CHU²?
CHU² (Chiyu): ...?
MASKING (Masuki): ... Your words just set me on fire.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, spoken like our producer. When you say we can do it, it actually feels doable.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Let's give a performance that leaves your mother's jaw on the floor, CHU²-san!
PAREO (Reona): That is a very bold declaration~, LOCK-san!
LOCK (Rokka): Eep... Th-that was supposed to be more of a figure of speech...
PAREO (Reona): No, no, your words were quite inspiring! I myself feel determined to become an even better keyboardist maid now!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Looks like you're all finally snapping out of it.
MASKING (Masuki): Man~, I really can't wait to play the drums! Yo, why don't we all go play a bit?
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I was about to suggest the same thing.
PAREO (Reona): I shall go and prepare the studio right now, then!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much, PAREO-san! Let's go, CHU²-san!
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course... Let's prove that our music is the greatest.


<My Mom and I>

(Character: Chiyu Tamade)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Good work during the meeting. How about we head back once we've had lunch?
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
Marina: Oh, I think that's CHU²-chan. Hi! What are you up to?
CHU² (Chiyu): Hi, Marina. {{userName}}. I'm waiting for some people to show up for a meeting to go over our next concert.
Marina: I see. By the way, you girls were great at the Advanced Rock Festival! I can't believe RAS got to be the opening act at such a big event.
CHU² (Chiyu): Thanks, but I'd rather you save the praise for when we become the headliners.
Marina: Wow... You certainly never aim low.
CHU² (Chiyu): I wouldn't say it's something we're aiming for. The festival was just a step along the way. At least that's how I see it.
CHU² (Chiyu): That said, performing at an event of that caliber was worthwhile. It helped spread RAS' name, for one thing.
Marina: It did that for sure. There are a lot of people coming to CiRCLE who look up to RAS.
CHU² (Chiyu): I see. The experience has also had a positive effect on the rest of the band, and...
Marina: ...?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I suppose there's no harm in telling you two.
CHU² (Chiyu): My mom came to see us at the festival. Have I ever told you about her?
Marina: I'm not sure who I heard it from... but I think she's supposed to be a really famous violinist, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): Yes. She does concerts all over the world. She even performed as a guest at one the day after the festival.
Marina: Ah, I think saw a feature on TV about it. I had no idea that was her! You have a really incredible mom.
CHU² (Chiyu): Yes... But it's also been the source of a lot of problems in my life.
Marina: I'd imagine... If I knew someone like your mom, it would be hard not to compare myself to them...
CHU² (Chiyu): She's always acknowledged my hard work, but she's never once praised my musical performances...
CHU² (Chiyu): It's probably why I got a bit too obsessed with proving myself when I heard she was coming to see us play.
CHU² (Chiyu): But...
CHU² (Chiyu): Thanks to the festival, I was finally able to face her as a musician instead of as her child.
CHU² (Chiyu): For me, that was the biggest thing I gained from the experience.
Marina: I see. I think I have a better understanding of why you've always been so preoccupied with creating unbeatable music.
CHU² (Chiyu): It's not the only reason. But thanks to everything, my mind was the clearest it's ever been when watching one of her concerts.
CHU² (Chiyu): In the past, my feelings kept getting in the way because I kept comparing our difference in talent.
CHU² (Chiyu): That said, the colossal gap between reality and what I'm hoping to accomplish did get shoved into my face.
Marina: Oh... I think it's good that you got a sense of that gap though.
Marina: Not knowing how far you have to go to catch up to the person you're aiming for can make things very difficult if you ask me.
CHU² (Chiyu): Yes, I agree. But I swore to myself that, someday, I'll make sure RAS' music outclasses even my mom's...
Marina: Fufu, I know this is cliche, but seeing what you've accomplished so far makes me believe you'll eventually manage even that.
CHU² (Chiyu): You know me very well. I'm the best producer of the best band.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Well, the people I'm meeting should be showing up soon. Sorry for keeping you for so long.
Marina: No problem. You don't usually talk about these sorts of things, so I'm really glad we had this chat.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... It's not like I tell just anyone. By the way, I'm sure I don't need to remind you not to tell anyone about this conversation. Anyway, bye.
