1473_Chiyu Tamade_R3 Thorough Examination

<Reason for Remembering>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

LOCK (Rokka): Sigh~... I was so nervous~... No matter how many times interviews happen, I just can't get used to doing them...
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, good work out there. You didn't look nervous at all, you know.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, your first interview, you were fumblin' over your words left and right.
PAREO (Reona): I thought that nervous innocence was very charming, too, though♪
LOCK (Rokka): Ugh. Please, don't remind me~...
CHU² (Chiyu): Well, I'll give you a passing grade for today.
CHU² (Chiyu): But I can't call you fit to be RAS's guitarist if you can't effortlessly handle a music magazine interview like that one.
MASKING (Masuki): Well, you came off a little too cocky, if you ask me.
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha... She did end her part with that line, huh? "Bow down before our music!"
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama looked truly cool and composed! I regret not being able to store that expression away in my treasure folder...
LOCK (Rokka): I must try to be more confident in myself during interviews, just like CHU²-san and Poppin'Party...!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? Poppin'Party did an interview? Haven't heard of that one...
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, it's on CiRCLE's website! The other bands have interviews on there, too, of course!
PAREO (Reona): I can't count how many times I read through Pastel＊Palettes' page~♪ Let's see... You can take a look from this link here!
LAYER (Rei): Huh, Hana-chan's in here too. I'd kind of like to see it.
MASKING (Masuki): We still got time before practice, anyway. Let's check them out! CHU², you're in, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): No, thank you. It's unnecessary to see such things.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, please don't be like that~! You'll definitely regret not getting to see how cute they all are!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm telling you, I'm not interested. If you want to look that badly, go ahead without me.
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, let's just leave her. Come join in if you change your mind, though. Okay, startin' with Poppin'Party then!
LOCK (Rokka): There's a video message at the very bottom where you can hear everyone's actual voices too!
PAREO (Reona): Each member has left an encouraging message for all the people out there who are about to start a band~!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Kasumi-senpai's words really hit me deep... It's the part where she says, "Ever since starting a band, there are so many more things I treasure now..." I was totally like, that's so true~...
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
PAREO (Reona): What a wonderful message~! I agree, the time I spend with all of you is very important to me too!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I'm sure everyone here agrees.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, and Arisa-senpai's message was also really great! She said, "When you're in a band, even non-band time becomes fun as well."
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, I get that. Like when I bake a cake at home, and it turns out real nice, the idea of bringin' it to practice the next day gets me more excited than before.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Sigh.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, what's wrong? ... Ah, of course I treasure my time spent with you most of al-...
CHU² (Chiyu): That's not it! I'm sighing because LOCK's remembering everything wrong!
LOCK (Rokka): I am?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Kasumi said, "things I love," not "things I treasure"! Arisa said "non-band activities," not "non-band time"!
All: ...
CHU² (Chiyu): Seriously. If you're going to talk about it that much, at least remember it right!
LOCK (Rokka): U-um... CHU²-san...?
CHU² (Chiyu): What? I'll say this now. I'm right, you're wrong. You'll know if you check their messages.
LOCK (Rokka): N-no, that's not it... CHU²-san, you also looked at these interviews, didn't you?
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
CHU² (Chiyu): ...!
MASKING (Masuki): Didn't you just say you weren't interested~?
CHU² (Chiyu): I-I wasn't! As your producer, I just thought it's my job to gather any little bit of information I can, that's all!
LOCK (Rokka): To be able to remember all of their messages word for word... You're incredible, CHU²-san!
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. I bet I'd have to go over them repeatedly to be able to do that.
CHU² (Chiyu): Are you two making fun of me?!
PAREO (Reona): Ahaha... I do not think that is their intention...
MASKING (Masuki): C'mon, you don't gotta get that worked up about it. We all know you read the interviews now, so you might as well join in, Choo-choo~.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I've had enough!


<What Words Convey>

(Character: Chiyu Tamade)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Now then, I think it's time for a break. Since it's been packed all morning, you must be tired too, {{userName}}-san.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
Marina: Hm? Isn't that CHU²-chan sitting over there? Hey~!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Oh, Marina and {{userName}}. Do you need something?
Marina: Not in particular. You were just frowning so much over here, we were wondering what you were up to.
CHU² (Chiyu): It's nothing big. I'm just checking over the draft for the interview we did the other day for a music magazine.
Marina: Huh! So you take care of that sort of stuff too, CHU²-chan?
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course. As RAS's producer, it's obviously my job to make sure the right info about my band is getting out there.
Marina: It is important to get across the right feel with interviews, after all.
CHU² (Chiyu): Exactly. It's not uncommon for the stuff you want to say to not get said because of an interviewer's intentions or weird edits.
CHU² (Chiyu): If we had video interviews like the ones you have on CiRCLE's website, we wouldn't have that issue, but with magazines, it's not that easy.
Marina: Oh. CHU²-chan, did you actually look at our site?
CHU² (Chiyu): I needed info about various bands such as Poppin'Party and Roselia, that's all. It's not like I was actually interested or anything.
Marina: Fufu, that still makes me happy to hear, all the same. How were the interviews?
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmm. Kasumi was too scatterbrained, and Yukina Minato came off as condescending. The other bands were similar.
Marina: Y-you're a tough critic, huh...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course I am. Being in a band isn't as simple as just having fun or holding fast to some sort of ideal.
Marina: Well... I get what you're trying to say, but...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Don't get me wrong. It's not like I believe they can be judged accurately based on just those interviews.
CHU² (Chiyu): Given the interview concept, I get that those sorts of expressions would naturally pop up more.
CHU² (Chiyu): Besides, from what I saw, I could tell all the bands are passionate about music. They make for worthy rivals, I suppose you could say.
Marina: Fufu, I guess in the end, you still acknowledge the other girls as musicians, huh?
CHU² (Chiyu): Again, don't get me wrong. All I got from those interviews was reconfirmation that in this current age of girl bands, the only band fit to lead the rest is RAS.
CHU² (Chiyu): If you read this interview I'm checking over now, you'd understand that too.
Marina: Oh~. Well, if you put it like that, now I can't wait to check it out.
CHU² (Chiyu): And surpassing those expectations of yours is my job. Not just with words, but with our music, of course.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Ah, looks like it's already time. I've got plans, so I'll be heading out.
Marina: Sure, see you later. If you have time, I'd love to hear more about what you thought of our interviews later.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... If I feel like it.
