1741_Chiyu Tamade_R4 Incessant Calls

Gacha phrase: ... I have given you my answer over and over again!

<The Strongest and All Out>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): LOCK, jump harder into the refrain!
LOCK (Rokka): Okay!
CHU² (Chiyu): And MASKING, it sounds like you're rushing through the second half of the refrain. Listen more to how everyone else is playing.
MASKING (Masuki): But I really wanna crank this song up a notch and punch it into high gear.
LAYER (Rei): In that case, what if we increase the drum notes in this part of the bridge? I think doing that will make the pacing feel more intense.
PAREO (Reona): I see. I certainly think that will make things feel like they are moving faster!
LOCK (Rokka): Okay, then I'll arrange how I'm playing guitar to match that!
LOCK (Rokka): And there's a part where I'd like to get in a few more notes on guitar... so would you all tell me what you think?
LOCK (Rokka): That way, I think we can sound even better...!
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
(Black cut)
CHU² (Chiyu): Okay, we'll stop here for today.
LAYER (Rei): Phew. Good work, guys.
MASKING (Masuki): That was good practice. My throat is bone dry.
PAREO (Reona): LOCK-san, here. This water is for you.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... LOCK, is there something going on with you?
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? What do you mean...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Did you think I wouldn't notice that you were playing differently than you regularly play? Don't think you can fool me.
MASKING (Masuki): You were definitely on a different level today. It's like you were burnin' through the notes even hotter than you usually do.
LAYER (Rei): They're right. Watching you made me want to play even harder.
LOCK (Rokka): R-really...? I thought I was the same as always...
CHU² (Chiyu): It's true that you usually give it everything you've got. But today, it felt like you were almost trying to completely burn yourself out.
PAREO (Reona): Yes... I think I also felt an unusual level of ferocity in you today.
CHU² (Chiyu): If you've got something to tell us, then spit it out. Nothing good will come from trying to keep it from us.
LOCK (Rokka): I don't think... it's really something I need to say, but...
LOCK (Rokka): ... When I play my guitar with all my strength, you all respond by playing just as hard.
LOCK (Rokka): For us, doing that has become second nature, but not all bands are that way. Mirror Dreams taught me just how happy I am to be in a band like this.
LOCK (Rokka): I think I was playing so much harder because I don't want to take this happiness for granted.
LOCK (Rokka): ... I'm sorry. It's such a weird thing to say.
MASKING & LAYER & PAREO: ...
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh~... What are you talking about? Of course that's how we are.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh...?
CHU² (Chiyu): We are RAISE A SUILEN, the strongest band I could assemble.
CHU² (Chiyu): There are no members here that won't give 110 percent.
LOCK (Rokka): CHU²-san...
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't know what the members of Mirror Dreams might have told you, but the RAISE A SUILEN I've created...
CHU² (Chiyu): With LAYER on bass and providing the vocals, MASKING on drums, PAREO on keyboard, and you on guitar, is not to be underestimated.
CHU² (Chiyu): We are aiming for even greater heights. Devoting ourselves 110 percent is a given.
LOCK (Rokka): ... Right. That is RAISE A SUILEN!
LOCK (Rokka): ... Fufu.
CHU² (Chiyu): By the way, about the bridge we just fixed... We should be able to make it sound even better. We're going again right now, so get ready to play.
PAREO (Reona): Understood!
MASKING (Masuki): I knew this would happen. I felt like it was still missing a little something too.
LAYER (Rei): Funny, so did I.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, LOCK! Stop spacing out and stand by to play.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? U-um, CHU²-san...?
CHU² (Chiyu): I can see it on your faces. You're still not satisfied, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... If I only think about your condition, then as your producer, I should end today's practice now.
CHU² (Chiyu): But if I do something stupid like snuff out the fire in my members' hearts, then I'm a failure as a producer.
PAREO (Reona): That's our CHU²-sama!
MASKING (Masuki): Haha, tryin' to sound cool, are we?
LOCK (Rokka): Um... So that means...
LAYER (Rei): It's like CHU² just said. You're not the only one giving this everything they've got.
LAYER (Rei): The person who goes all out the most is the one who brought us all together... Fufu, and who do you think that is?
CHU² (Chiyu): LAYER, that's enough chit-chat. Get ready to go.
CHU² (Chiyu): Giving all of yourself goes without saying. If you're a member of RAS, then you're aiming for more... Push past your limits.
CHU² (Chiyu): Now then, let's get this music started!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<With Enduring Passion>

(Character: Chiyu Tamade)

[Record Shop]

Marina: There are a lot of new records out today too~. Did you find the one you were looking for?
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
Marina: Ah, CHU²-chan! Didn't think we'd see you here. What are you looking for today?
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh, it's you and {{userName}}... Do you know about a band called "Mirror Dreams"?
Marina: They're a band of four friends who started playing together in high school, right? I know their debut single and a few other songs...
Marina: Ah, I heard Rokka-chan went to play with them as a session musician recently.
CHU² (Chiyu): That's right. If you know that, then that makes things easier.
Marina: It's amazing that Rokka-chan was asked to help with a professional band. I was a little surprised when she told me about it.
CHU² (Chiyu): You shouldn't have been. LOCK's guitar skills are more than on the level of professional guitarists.
CHU² (Chiyu): She's talented, and on top of that, she's dedicated to a fault. I knew that some band would ask LOCK eventually.
Marina: Fufu, I see. Rokka-chan does like to work hard.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... It seems like her usual tenacity caused some trouble with the band members she was working with.
CHU² (Chiyu): If it had been a more passionate band, I'm sure they would've welcomed LOCK as a good addition to the band.
CHU² (Chiyu): But Mirror Dreams had already lost the kind of passion LOCK has. They had gone pro, but somewhere along the way, they stopped pushing themselves to be better.
Marina: Yeah... It's sad but not unusual. Mirror Dreams had hits when they were an indie band, but they seemed to struggle after their major debut...
CHU² (Chiyu): Mirror Dreams must have been a band with pretty ambitious goals once. They couldn't have gone pro if they hadn't had some serious grit.
CHU² (Chiyu): But they couldn't keep that fire burning. They couldn't reach their goals. In the end, they became a band that was just going through the motions.
Marina: It's hard for musicians to keep the same passion they had when they first started playing music or playing in a band.
CHU² (Chiyu): That's true. Even steel that's been heated up will eventually cool off if left alone. It requires hard work to keep the metal hot.
CHU² (Chiyu): You have to continue heating that metal in the fire and never stop working on it so it can become a sharp blade.
CHU² (Chiyu): Those who can't do that fade away. You can't keep a band going on half-hearted efforts.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... In the end, I think working with another band proved to be a very insightful experience for LOCK.
CHU² (Chiyu): She learned what she couldn't by just staying with RAS: what it takes to keep a band alive. That's what LOCK said she realized.
Marina: I see. That's good, then. Fufu, you think a lot about Rokka-chan, don't you?
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course I do. She's our one and only guitarist. There's no replacing her.
Marina: I see. I suppose you're right. So RAS will keep working on itself to become an even sharper blade. I'm looking forward to your next show.
CHU² (Chiyu): Good, expect great things from us. We'll give you a show that only we can perform. Prepare yourselves!
