1835_Chiyu Tamade_R5 Smoldering Hunger

Gacha phrase: Why is nothing working out...?!

<Just Because I’m a Child>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Chiyu Tamade)

[Station Entrance]

CHU² (Chiyu): (I can't believe they spoke to me like that...! It makes me so mad...!)
CHU² (Chiyu): (Instead of paying attention to everything RAS has accomplished, they just treated me like a child...!)
CHU² (Chiyu): This is so unbelievable!
Ako: Oh, CHU²! Hey~, what are you doing~?
CHU² (Chiyu): Ako... I see you're with Mashiro and Asuka.
Mashiro: ... U-um, hello... CHU²-san.
Ako: Hm? You're alone today?
CHU² (Chiyu): You make it sound like I'm always hanging around other people. I'm just on my way home after taking care of some business.
Ako: Oh, I see! Hey, hey, we're on the way to do some karaoke right now~♪
Asuka: We invited Rokka, too, but she said maybe some other time 'cause she has some practicing to do on her own.
CHU² (Chiyu): Huh, you don't say.
Ako: Oh, and about the karaoke place, high schoolers get two free hours~! Can you believe it?!
Ako: If you're free, CHU², we should go together! You guys don't mind, right?
Mashiro: What?! O-oh, um... s-sure, I don't mind...
Asuka: I think it's a great idea. We'd love to have you if you want to come.
CHU² (Chiyu): No thanks. I've got better things to do than karaoke. Besides... I'm not in the mood right now.
Ako: Oh, okay. Let's go together when you feel like it then!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Hmph. If I ever do, why not.
Ako: The promo's supposed to last for a while anyway. I'm so glad I'm a high schooler~. It lets me get free hours!
Mashiro: Yes. There are even supposed to be free drinks.
Asuka: This is definitely one of those moments where it feels great to be a student.
Ako: I know, right~?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... It sure must be nice to be so carefree. Just look at all of you. You're all getting excited over being treated like kids.
Ako & Mashiro & Asuka: Hm...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Sure, the perks you get may be nice, but they're also a sign that you're being looked down on because of your age.
CHU² (Chiyu): Not once has that ever made me happy.
Ako: Hmm~, so are you saying you don't like being treated like a kid, CHU²? As much as I like free stuff, I don't like being so obviously treated like a kid either.
Asuka: Tell me about it. My mom and stuff tell me I can't go too far on a trip or stay overnight until I'm an adult.
Asuka: It's not like I'm that much of a kid anymore, you know?
Mashiro: I know what you mean...! My mom still treats me like I'm little.
Mashiro: The other day, she got me these fuzzy pajamas that she thought would look good on me, but they're like the ones that babies wear. She didn't even ask me first.
Asuka: Ahaha... Well, based on what I've seen of you usually, Mashiro-chan, I can't say I blame your mom too much, honestly.
Mashiro: What?! Wh-why...?
CHU² (Chiyu): At least it's not as bad when it's coming from your parents. I get the kid treatment from MASKING and PAREO, and they're practically the same age as me.
Ako: Those two do look after others a lot.
CHU² (Chiyu): What they do goes way beyond looking after. Who do they think I am, seriously?
CHU² (Chiyu): Don't even get me started on the shopkeepers downtown. They give me snacks even when I'm just walking around minding my own business...
Asuka: It's definitely a nice gesture, but it's also one that causes mixed feelings for sure.
CHU² (Chiyu): I have no mixed feelings. I don't like it, period. I've told them I'm not a little kid over and over, but they still keep doing it!
Asuka: It kind of can't be helped though. I mean it's true that we're not adults yet.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...! I guess, but still...
Ako: Hmm~, when another person sees you that way, though, don't you think it's a chance for you to surprise them a whole lot?
Mashiro: ...? What do you mean...?
Ako: Like, if someone thinks I'm a kid, they're gonna be super surprised when I put on an awesome performance!
CHU² (Chiyu): ...!
Ako: I feel like the adults we started working with ever since going pro have taken really good care of us.
Ako: But sometimes, when we've been with people we haven't spoken to much, I've gotten the feeling that we were being seen as just a student band or a bunch of kids.
Ako: So when we'd get serious and play, their eyes would become all super wide with surprise, and the vibe they were giving would totally change instantly!
Ako: Whenever that'd happen, I'd get this "Did you just see how good we are~? It doesn't matter if we're adults or kids" kind of feeling!
Asuka: Fufu, that's so you, Ako.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I've never thought of it that way. I guess random chit-chatting pays off sometimes.
Ako: Huh? Where are you going, CHU²? That way's the station.
CHU² (Chiyu): Change of plans. If I show up soon enough, I should be able to cram in a meeting with another company.
Ako: Okay. I don't really get what you're talking about, but I hope things work out!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'll make it work.
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh, I just remembered. Be sure you all go home before it gets dark, okay?
Ako: Hey~! You just treated us like kids, didn't you~?!
Asuka: Fufu. Whatever the case, it looks like you're feeling better now.
CHU² (Chiyu): Maybe, maybe not. Anyway, I need to go. Bye.


<Repaint the World>

(Character: Chiyu Tamade)

[Edogawa Music]

CHU² (Chiyu): Hi, Marina. {{userName}}. Fancy seeing you here.
Marina: Heya, CHU²-chan! Shopping?
CHU² (Chiyu): Yeah. I came to restock the supplies we burned through during our solo concert the other day.
Marina: I see. Oh, congratulations, by the way. I wish we could've gone, but we had work. Knowing you girls, though, we probably wouldn't have been able to get tickets anyway.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...! Actually... half the seats didn't get filled.
Marina: Seriously?! What happened...?
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm not trying to make an excuse, but there were special circumstances this time around... It was a first for me, and I'm honestly surprised.
Marina: Oh... I don't know what happened, but I'm sorry.
CHU² (Chiyu): It's fine. It's true that we failed to fill the venue, so there's no need for you two to feel bad.
CHU² (Chiyu): Given what happened, rumors will spread about how empty the show was anyway.
Marina: CHU²-chan...
CHU² (Chiyu): It was an edge case... and a painful reminder that I'm still a child.
Marina: It must be so frustrating to have to go through something like that after accomplishing as much as any adult or professional...
CHU² (Chiyu): Marina... Hmph...! There's no need for you to be so concerned.
CHU² (Chiyu): Failing to fill the venue was frustrating, of course. Not to mention, the concert revealed issues that need to be worked on. However...
CHU² (Chiyu): In terms of raw musical performance, I can confidently say we did just as well as we always have, actually, no, even better.
CHU² (Chiyu): That's why we'll keep doing things our way. We'll never bend the knee to someone else.
CHU² (Chiyu): The music industry may have underestimated me for being a child, but I'll show them... No, we'll show them that we're going to change both it and the world!
Marina: Fufu, I see. It really does look like there's no need for us to worry, despite everything that happened.
Marina: Wait a minute... Maybe that was why...
CHU² (Chiyu): What?
Marina: The other day, Rokka-chan and Masuki-chan came by and asked if it was okay to leave some flyers for the concert. That might've been their way of trying...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I never knew those two did that.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Hmph! What a load of nonsense. It wouldn't have provided a real fix for the situation we were in.
CHU² (Chiyu): That said... it may have been nonsense, but it was great.
CHU² (Chiyu): I'd assumed I was fighting alone, but instead, I had people fighting alongside me where I couldn't see.
Marina: Yeah. You really do have a band with wonderful members. We'll be wishing all of you the best.
CHU² (Chiyu): Thanks... No matter what, we're going to change the world. Be sure you keep your eyes on our journey.
CHU² (Chiyu): Anyway, I'll be going now. Bye.
