115_Kanon Matsubara_R2 Captive Princess

<Once More On The Ship>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kanon: Ehehe, I can't wait to read this...!
Misaki: Kanon-san?
Kanon: Oh, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: You look happy today. Something good happen?
Kanon: Ehehe, I borrowed some books on cruise ships from the library! Look how many pictures there are.
Kanon: We didn't get the chance to take our time and enjoy the ship last time, right? I thought I could look at these and experience it again.
Misaki: Ahh, right... That day was a disaster for you huh, Kanon-san?
Misaki: All that chaos must've made it hard for you to enjoy the cruise ship.
Kanon: Yeah, being kidnapped was kind of surprising.
Kanon: But it was my first time to be carried in someone's arms like that, so I guess it was a nice experience.
Kanon: I owe it all to Kokoro-chan.
Misaki: Kanon-san, you're too nice.
Kanon: What about you, Misaki-chan? Did you enjoy it...?
Misaki: I guess so... The design of ship was amazing, and the night view was great, so I guess it wasn't bad over all.
Kanon: I was so surprised there was a casino! We're still in high school, so it's a place we'd never get to see normally.
Misaki: That's true. It's too bad that Hagumi bet on red without thinking and lost the game though.
Misaki: If we went with blackjack or poker, I feel we could've had a better chance at winning.
Kanon: You know how to play those games, Misaki-chan? That's so cool!
Misaki: Well, they're just card games. I haven't actually played before, but I know the rules.
Kanon: Oh, right. I had never even seen a casino until we went on the ship.
Misaki: I guess it's only possible on a big ship like that. Looking at it that way, I guess it's a special experience like you said. High school students would normally never get to go to a casino, after all.
Kanon: Yeah! It was like something from a dream.
Kanon: I was surprised when Kokoro-chan said she wanted to go on a cruise, but it turned out to be a really great experience.
Misaki: I guess you're right. I have to admit I was worried about what she was getting at in the beginning, but it turned out okay.
Kanon: The night view was so beautiful I couldn't look away.
Misaki: Too bad we didn't take a group photo with the view in the background, huh?
Kanon: That reminds me, I can still remember how you and the thief acted out the confession of love.
Misaki: ... Could you just delete that from your memory, Kanon-san?
Kanon: I'll never forget it! It was kind of an awkward performance, but... it made me happy.
Misaki: Huh?
Kanon: Even though you were embarrassed, you still did as the thief wanted to get me back, right?
Kanon: The fact that you did that made me happy.
Misaki: Kanon-san...
Kanon: Thanks, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Hey... cut it out. It makes me feel all itchy when you thank me straight to my face like that.
Kanon: Ehehe... Oh, I have an idea!
Kanon: Why don't we read the books I borrowed! We can relive our cruise ship experience!
Misaki: Sure, that actually sounds kinda fun.
Kanon: Okay, why don't we go back to the classroom then?
Misaki: Sounds good. Thanks, Kanon-san.
Kanon: No, thank you. It'll be more fun if we read them together!


<Perfect Cruise>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

Kanon: Hello, {{userName}}-san. Are you heading home now? I'm on my way back from the bookstore.
Kanon: What did I buy? Actually, I couldn't find what I was looking for, so I didn't get anything...
Kanon: I wanted to buy this new magazine that has a feature on cruise ships!
Kanon: I'm really interested in them these days! The reason why is...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan took us on a cruise just the other day! The ship was really big and amazing!
Kanon: The interior was really pretty too. It was just like something out of a movie!
Kanon: But the most impressive thing was the night view. Everything looked so beautiful from the ocean...
Kanon: I want to see it again someday.
Kanon: *sigh*... When I'm older, I'd like to go on a cruise again. We only went for a few hours the other day... Next time I'd like to go for a week or so!
Kanon: I can't thank Kokoro-chan enough for taking us on such an amazing cruise.
Kanon: A lot of things happened, but even then it was still the greatest experience.
Kanon: The biggest thing that happened, or maybe I should say the most surprising thing... was that the thief was actually Kaoru-san!
Kanon: I had no idea what was happening when she kidnapped me... I never imagined it would be her!
Kanon: When I think back about it, there were lots of hints that pointed to Kaoru-san.
Kanon: She was gentle when she carried me off, her voice was similar, and her acting made my heart race...
Kanon: I wonder why I didn't realize it was her at the time~!
Kanon: The way she completely becomes the character she plays is amazing! Don't you agree?
Kanon: ... Oh, sorry! I've been talking non-stop...!
Kanon: *sigh*... I got a little carried away, didn't I?
Kanon: Umm, I... didn't make you feel uncomfortable, did I?
Kanon: ... Oh, that's the relief.
Kanon: Um, thanks for listening today. See you again at the studio!
