131_Kanon Matsubara_R4 Hunting For Rabbits

Gacha phrase: I really should try harder. After all, I am their senpai...!

<Cute Rabbit>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Cafeteria]

Eve: And that's when I said, "If we fight, we fight fair!"
Chisato: I'm impressed you were able to say that under those circumstances...
Kanon: Y-yeah...
Eve: No, it's just because that is the way of bushido. It's only natural to me.
Chisato: You really do love bushido, don't you?
Kanon: I guess it can be good for you to be into one thing...
Eve: Thank you, Kanon-san! And with this strategy, I was able to fend off the enemy! Bushido is so amazing!
Chisato: I don't think you normally have to fend them off, though.
Eve: Are you sure? I was certain they challenged me to a duel...
Kanon: That's Eve-chan for you. But actually, those people are scouts...
Eve: In order words, bushido!!
Kanon: N-no... Not really...
Eve: Ah! Speaking of strategies...!
Chisato: What happened?
Eve: Arisa's strategy the other day was awesome!
Kanon: The other day... Ah, you mean when we were chasing those rabbits?
Eve: Yes! With a strategy like that, I'm sure Arisa-san would make for a great general.
Chisato: Fufufu, yeah. Who would've thought the only bait we would need was Tae-chan?
Eve: Bait! Tae-san can become a sacrifice! Sacrifice... The Japanese spirit... So wonderful!
Chisato: Eve-chan... That's not exactly right.
Kanon: Ah, ahaha...
Kanon: But it was thanks to Arisa's plan that we were able to catch them.
Kanon: Though even when you showed them food, they didn't let their guard down, so it was pretty tough...
Kanon: Sigh... I'm glad we were able to bring them all back...
Chisato: Kanon? What's with the smile?
Eve: Yeah, that's a really big one! You must have thought of something great.
Kanon: I-is it really that obvious?
Chisato: Yep, there's no mistaking it.
Kanon: I just remembered when I was giving the rabbits their food...
Kanon: They were wagging their tails and chomping away. It was so cute...
Eve: I know exactly what you mean! They were the cutest!
Chisato: Yeah. Absolutely adorable.
Eve: I really liked watching them munch on their food!
Chisato: Once I was relaxed, I started to enjoy just how friendly and affectionate they were.
Kanon: That is something you would like.
Eve: Ohh, I see what you're saying.
Eve: And... You can't forget those eyes. The googly eyes are so cute!
Chisato: Yeah, I can see that.
Kanon: I think I like their tails most of all.
Chisato: The lovable little tails.
Eve: And petting them feels nice.
Eve: Soft and cuddly, sigh...
Chisato: They were very fluffy. It's like you just want to sit there and pet them all day. You never get enough...
Kanon: Mhm, sure can't... I wanted to do it forever.
Eve: Right?! I think I'll ask the pet committee member if I can play with the rabbits some time!
Chisato: That's a good idea. Could you let me know when you're gonna go?
Kanon: Ah, can you invite me too...?
Eve: Yes, of course I will!
Eve: Fufu, now I'm really excited!
Chisato: ... Ah, sorry, Kanon. We've gotta get going...
Chisato: We have band practice. Look forward to playing with some bunnies soon.
Eve: Yeah, I'll take care of all the planning! Kanon-san, see you later!
Kanon: M-mhm, let's have tea again next time.
Kanon: (A bunny-petting date with my friends... Ehehe, so exciting♪)


<Sweet Rabbit Tale>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Downtown]

Kanon: Ahh~, what a beautiful day~.
Kanon: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Kanon: Such lovely weather we're having, isn't it~?
Kanon: It's so nice to go out on a day like this. For example, you could go to the zoo or the aquarium!
Kanon: {{userName}}-san, do you like animals?
Kanon: I like jellyfish... But lately, I've been thinking that rabbits are great too!
Kanon: Oh, well, I say rabbits because the other day Tae-chan and Arisa-chan asked me for a favor...
Kanon: And together with Chisato-chan and Eve-chan, the five of us helped to catch the rabbits that escaped from the school pet room.
Kanon: Why did they run away? Hmm, I guess because the door was open?
Kanon: What do you think?
Kanon: Because they wanted to see the outside world...? I see...
Kanon: Ah, no no! That's not weird at all!
Kanon: I was just thinking about how you could look at it that way.
Kanon: {{userName}}-san, you're pretty romantic.
Kanon: Fufu, I think that's great♪
Kanon: Uhh... Before we started chasing after them, it had been a while since I touched a rabbit. They were really cute.
Kanon: With their white and cuddly fur... And the way their noses wiggle. It's so adorable♪ Fufu♪
Kanon: They're also very cautious, though... We were trying to lure them with food, but they wouldn't come any closer...
Kanon: So it was really hard to catch them all.
Kanon: But with Tae-chan giving advice, we all tried different things here and there, and eventually, we gathered them all!
Kanon: ... I-I actually... I didn't really help very much... I tried to catch them, but I just couldn't, and I would fall over...
Kanon: Ooo... So sad...
Kanon: But, you know... It was kinda fun. Everyone working together to catch those little guys. Coming up with a plan together...
Kanon: You want to know what plan we came up with? It was actually Arisa-chan that came up with this, but...
Kanon: We used food to lure them in!
Kanon: ... That was a lot simpler than you thought? Ehehe... Now that I think about it, maybe that's true.
Kanon: We tried to get in close and catch them while they were eating, but they would end up running away.
Kanon: Even when we failed, we were having fun... At least in my opinion.
Kanon: Everyone working hard and being surrounded by rabbits...
Kanon: Everything that happened would make you think we weren't in the real world... Like we ended up in a fairy tale...
Kanon: I thought, maybe we'll all cross over into Wonderland while chasing them♪
Kanon: Or maybe, even though we're supposed to be at school, somehow we'll end up at a tea party... Fufu♪
Kanon: Heh, ehehe... Maybe I went a little too far... Don't tell anyone you heard me say that.
Kanon: It's a promise, okay?
Kanon: ... Hm? Ah! It's already time.
Kanon: Okay, I have to meet with Chisato-chan soon, so I'm gonna go.
Kanon: I hope you'll listen again the next time I have such a wonderful, fairy-tale-like day.
