227_Kanon Matsubara_R3 I Want to Help

Gacha phrase: O-okay...! Then I'll be Michelle!

<Kanon ≠ Michelle>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Front Counter]

Kanon: Oh, there you are, Misaki-chan. I was looking everywhere for you.
Misaki: What's up, Kanon-san? We've finished rehearsals for today, right?
Kanon: Y-yeah... I just wanted to talk to you. Being here makes me think of that performance we did.
Misaki: We had a pretty rough schedule last time, huh...?
Kanon: I was really surprised, you know? That was the first time you ever said you wanted to have a performance.
Misaki: I felt it was strange for me too, but I just felt it wasn't right that people were judging Hello, Happy World! without actually seeing us for themselves...
Misaki: I did the rest without even thinking. The craziness passed and suddenly we were doing a performance...
Kanon: You've changed a little, Misaki-chan. Oh, In a good way, I mean!
Misaki: Really? It makes me happy to hear that from you, Kanon-san.
Misaki: I doubt Kokoro or Hagumi would ever notice though~.
Kanon: That's not true! When you said you wanted to do a performance, they both looked really happy!
Misaki: I was just letting the momentum lead the way, so I didn't really get to look at everyone's faces.
Kanon: You were really serious about it, weren't you?
Misaki: Thinking back on it... really makes me feel embarrassed.
Kanon: You were so busy as well, writing the new song and organizing the performance itself.
Misaki: Well, it was my idea, after all.
Kanon: Is there anything I can do to help you?
Misaki: At the moment there's... not really anything I need help with.
Kanon: A-are you sure...? I always depend on you for things, so if there's anything I can do, then I want to do it!
Misaki: But even so... I mean, I'm kinda busy these days, but I'm on top of everything.
Kanon: Aww... O-okay...! Then I'll be Michelle!
Misaki: Wh-whaaat?!
Misaki: Trust me, you don't want to do that. It's pretty rough in there...
Kanon: I-I'll be fine! I don't mind as long as it makes things even just a little easier for you!
Misaki: Hrm, if you want to help that badly... I guess you can at least see how it feels.
Kanon: Okay! I'll be Michelle for you...!
Misaki: Just so you know, it's way worse in there than you think, Kanon-san...
Kanon: Really? But, I have to try...!
Misaki: Fair enough, give it a try then. If it's too much for you, just say so, okay?
(Black cut)
Kanon: Thanks, Misaki-chan...  Okay... I guess I'm in...?
Kanon: Huh? I can barely see... I-it's so hot in here...
Misaki: It gets pretty steamy in there. I hope you're ready.
Kanon: Aww, you're right, it's really hot... I can hardly move...
Kanon: H-huh? ... Oh no, Misaki-chan...! I can't tell where I'm going~!
Misaki: Ah, Kanon-san! It's dangerous to stumble around like that!
Kanon: I-I can't help it! I'm not in control...
Kanon: Ah... kyaaa...!
Misaki: Kanon-san...!
Kanon: Oww... ouch.... Oh no, the head came off...
Misaki: Are you okay, Kanon-san?
Kanon: I'm fine. I guess the suit saved me. Anyway, where did Michelle's head go?
Misaki: You wouldn't have fallen over if you weren't in the suit though... Michelle's head rolled off like a canon ball, but I think it's fine.
Kanon: Oh, that's a relief... Hagumi-chan and the others would be so sad if Michelle's head was broken.
Misaki: Kanon-san, you should be worrying more about your own body.
Hagumi: Hey~! Mii-kun! Kokoron and Kaoru-kun were asking for yo-What?! Kano-chan-senpai is inside Michelle?!
Kanon: U-umm... It's not what you think...
Misaki: Wow, this timing...
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai is Kano-chan-senpai, but Michelle is Kano-chan-senpai too... I don't get it!
Kanon: Misaki-chan, what do we do~?!
Misaki: There's only one way to handle this...!
Misaki: ... It is but that, Hagumi.
Kanon: That's Kaoru-san's favorite thing to say...
Hagumi: It is, but... It is but that... I feel like someone says that all the time...
Hagumi: ... Oh, I get! Of course. I can't explain it, but Kano-chan-senpai isn't Michelle. It means that Michelle is just Michelle!
Misaki: Yeah, that's right... I guess we're in the clear...
Kanon: That was amazing, Misaki-chan! I never know what to do when I'm under pressure.
Misaki: I'm starting to get pretty good at handling the three dummies...
Kanon: A-ahaha...


<Costume Adjustments>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kanon: Okay, if I thread it like this...
Kanon: Hmm, that doesn't work either...
Kanon: Oh, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Kanon: What am I doing? Umm... part of my outfit started to fray after our last performance, so I'm trying to fix it.
Kanon: I had no idea at all when we were performing, but Misaki told me afterward.
Kanon: When Kokoro saw my outfit, she immediately asked one of the people in the black suits to fix it for me.
Kanon: But I'm the one who wears the outfit, so I said I wanted to fix it myself.
Kanon: I felt I shouldn't let others do everything for me... I thought this was something even I could do on my own.
Kanon: Misaki-chan has been putting so much effort in these days, so I felt I need to work harder too.
Kanon: It sounds strange to hear that Misaki is making an effort? I guess it would, if you imagined the usual Misaki.
Kanon: You don't know about our last performance, do you, {{userName}}-san? Umm, do you mind if I talk about it?
Kanon: Thank you. Misaki was extra active during our last performance!
Kanon: It's surprising, isn't it? She was even more motivated than Kokoro-chan was.
Kanon: Normally, Misaki-chan is a little reserved within the band...
Kanon: It's not that she doesn't do anything, I guess she just does the bare minimum... She's not the type to get completely into something, right?
Kanon: I always thought she had taken up the role of stopping Kokoro-chan and the others from going too far.
Kanon: But now, I think Misaki-chan is starting to change.
Kanon: Normally, if someone said they wanted to perform, Misaki-chan would find a place for us to play just for our sake.
Kanon: But it was Misaki-chan who said she wanted to perform this time! She found a live house for us and made a new song too. She was so motivated.
Kanon: I'd never seen Misaki-chan act like that before.
Kanon: She told me why she was so motivated.
Kanon: It turns out that there were some people in our class who had assumed that Hello, Happy World! was just some weird band.
Kanon: Misaki-chan said that it didn't feel right that they thought that, even though they hadn't even seen the band before.
Kanon: She wanted them to actually see us play and learn what the band is about.
Kanon: She got really into it because she wanted to make it a performance that everyone would enjoy!
Kanon: When we were on stage, even though she was in Michelle, I could tell how strong her feelings were!
Kanon: It was really nice after the performance when Misaki-chan's classmates came to tell us they really liked it.
Kanon: Misaki-chan did everything she could for Hello, Happy World! It really made me feel that the band is more important to her now than it used to be.
Kanon: I think Misaki-chan has changed because of the way her feelings toward Hello, Happy World! have been changing.
Kanon: The performance that Misaki-chan planned was a great success, and all of the audience was smiling.
Kanon: I was smiling too, of course. We always end up having so much fun when we are on stage.
Kanon: Oh, by the way, I learned something really amazing after our performance.
Kanon: I saw Misaki-chan with Michelle's head off. She looked so tired...
Kanon: It made me start thinking that it might be hard work for Misaki-chan.
Kanon: I wanted to do something to help her, so I asked her to let me try being Michelle.
Kanon: I thought it'd be cramped and kind of hard to move, but... it was so much worse than I'd imagined...
Kanon: It was so heavy, I could barely move... It was really steamy inside the suit too...
Kanon: I... couldn't even last five minutes...
Kanon: I realized just how hard it is for Misaki-chan when she's being our DJ.
Kanon: Or, I guess I could say... I realized that Misaki-chan DJs for us no matter how hard it is for her.
Kanon: This has to mean that Misaki-chan really likes Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: You think so too, right, {{userName}}? I thought so!
Kanon: If Misaki-chan is working so hard... then I'll have to try really hard to fix my outfit!
Kanon: Thanks for listening. Thinking about everything that happened has given me lots of energy!
Kanon: I'll keep working on this until I'm ready to stop.
