278_Kanon Matsubara_R3 Transformation Technique?

<The Next Party Theme>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kanon Matsubara, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Eve: Everyone was such a great help at the party!
Eve: Thank you so much, Kanon-san, Tae-san!
Kanon: You don't need to thank us... Anyway, I'm just glad you were able to tell Hanne-chan about how you feel.
Eve: Everything has been resolved thanks to everyone's help!
Tae: The party was really fun...  I hope we can do something like that again sometime.
Kanon: Yeah, it's really fun getting together and chatting about things like that.
Tae: That's right. The theme the other day was a Japanese welcoming, but next time I'd like to have a party with a different theme.
Kanon: A different theme? Oh, do you mean...?
Tae: Naturally, a rabbit party.
Kanon: I-I knew it...
Eve: You really love rabbits, don't you Tae-san?
Tae: Yeah, you'll love them too if you spend more time with them.
Tae: Drink tea, play with the rabbits... Eat cake, play with the rabbits again...
Tae: I'm positive it will be a party overflowing with happiness.
Kanon: It does sound like it'd be a fun party.
Eve: That reminds me, Kanon-san. You said you'd like to have a tea party where we can watch jellyfish in their tanks, didn't you?
Kanon: Yeah. If it's possible, I'd like to do that someday.
Kanon: I think everyone will feel soothed when see the jellyfish floating about.
Tae: Do you mean like at a sushi restaurant?
Kanon: Um? Where did that come from?
Eve: ... Oh! I've seen that on TV before!
Eve: Tae-san is talking about the shops that have tanks full of fish!
Kanon: What?!
Eve: Restaurants where everything you eat is prepared freshly!
Kanon: Th-that's not what I had in mind! I meant something cuter than that~!
Kanon: I just thought it'd be nice to have tea or something in a place that was like an aquarium.
Eve: Oh, an aquarium! That sounds really nice!
Kanon: Y-yeah, I'm glad you know what I mean now~.
Tae: What other kind of party would you like to have, Eve?
Eve: I am glad you asked, Tae-san!
Eve: I would like to have a ninja party!
Tae & Kanon: A ninja party?
Eve: Everyone would dress up as ninjas, and we could show each other our best ninja skills!
Eve: I've thought of many things we can do! A shuriken throwing contest, wall climbing...
Tae: That sounds like of fun.  Will it be the kind of party I can bring Oddie to?
Eve: Of course! Ninjas always have animals like hawks or dogs as partners!
Kanon: B-but I don't think regular people have any ninja skills...
Eve: Ah! You realized, Kanon-san...!
Kanon: Y-yeah, that's my biggest point of concern...
Eve: That's also the biggest problem...
Eve: I've been practicing, but... I still haven't learned the art of hiding in shadows of the art of squirrel gliding...
Kanon: Y-you're actually practicing...
Tae: In that case, you should just go to a ninja village for training.
Kanon: T-Tae-chan...?
Eve: A ninja village...! What a wonderful idea! Let's go together and train to become outstanding ninjas!
Kanon: I-I really don't think I can become a ninja~!
Eve: It's too early to give up, Kanon-san! No wall is unscalable if you have courage and determination!
Kanon: B-but even so...
Tae: It'll be okay. Here.
Kanon: Fue? I-is this... a rabbit-ear hairband?
Tae: It was in my bag. Let's start with learning the art of disguise.
Eve: Wow, it looks really good on you, Kanon-san!
Kanon: Aww, this doesn't count as a disguise...


<To Communicate Feelings>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kanon: *sigh*... I wonder where everyone is...
Kanon: Oh, {{userName}}-san, hello.
Kanon: You just finished the cleaning?
Kanon: Um, I have practice soon, but...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan and the others aren't here yet.
Kanon: If it's okay, could we talk for a little?
Kanon: Really? Thank you!
Kanon: Now, what should we talk about...? Umm...
Kanon: Huh...? Something fun that happened recently?
Kanon: I wonder if there was anything... Umm... I'm not sure I did anything worth talking about...
Kanon: I spend most of my free time at home...
Kanon: The chocolate banana cake I had at home was really good though...
Kanon: It wasn't too sweet, so it went perfectly with breakfast tea.
Kanon: We got it from a cake shop downtown.
Kanon: Huh... anything else?
Kanon: U-umm... Oh!
Kanon: We had a home party at Eve's house recently!
Kanon: Kasumi-chan, Chisato-chan, and lots of other people came.
Kanon: Eve-chan prepared a plan for the party, so we followed it and decorated her home.
Kanon: It was really heartwarming to have fun doing something like that as a group.
Kanon: It was the same kind of fun as a school festival, or a class trip...
Kanon: ... I-I'm sorry, this is starting to sound like an elementary school student's report.
Kanon: But, it was really just so much fun.
Kanon: I'm not very good with large groups of people... I mean, I'm shy so...
Kanon: I know that there's nothing for me to worry about since it's mostly girls I spend time with at school, but...
Kanon: In the beginning I was a little worried because there was no one else from my band there...
Kanon: But everyone was really kind to me...
Kanon: Even before the party, a group of us including Chisato-chan and I had cake at Tsugumi-chan's cafe.
Kanon: We all listened to the problem Eve-chan was having...
Kanon: You want to know what her problem was?
Kanon: Umm, Eve-chan's friend from Finland was coming to the party too, but...
Kanon: Eve-chan had kind of lied to her friend about something.
Kanon: It wasn't the kind of lie that would hurt someone, but...
Kanon: Eve-chan was depressed because lying goes against the way of bushido...
Kanon: Eve-chan lied to her friend so that she wouldn't worry about her, but...
Kanon: It seems that it was the lie that actually made her friend worry...
Kanon: I think Eve-chan was stressing herself out about it too much.
Kanon: But, she told her friend what she had done and apologized.
Kanon: I think it's really amazing that she could open up like that and apologize so honestly.
Kanon: I thought she was really cool when she did that.
Kanon: I want to be able to express my feelings like that and put my words into actions like that someday.
Kanon: Yeah, I think I'll try!
Kanon: It's important to follow through and take action, right?
