296_Kanon Matsubara_R4 Step of Determination

Gacha phrase: I have to do something...!

<From Jellyfish to Penguin>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Aquarium]

Kokoro: Misaki, Kanon! They have lots of rare fish over here!
Kanon: W-wait, Kokoro-chan!
Hagumi: Ah, a big stingray! Whoa~! Let's get a closer look, Kokoron!
Kokoro: Yeah! C'mon, Kaoru!
Misaki: You three, try not to make such a racket while you're here.
Kaoru: Fufu, an entirely blue surface... So fleeting...
Misaki: I don't know if they'll be alright on their own... Think we should join them, Kanon-san?
Kanon: Yeah! Ah, a seahorse! It's so cute~... Just slowly swimming along.
Misaki: Wow, I never thought of what a seahorse swimming would look like, but now that I'm looking at it, yeah, it's pretty cute.
Misaki: Ah, looks like they have jellyfish over there. Let's go take a look.
Kanon: Okay!
(Black cut)
Kanon: Moon jellyfish... Amakusa jellyfish...! Wow~, there are so many types!
Misaki: Kanon-san, you love jellyfish, right?
Kanon: Mhm, I like how they're always swimming and swaying along at the same pace. It looks like they're enjoying themselves.
Misaki: I see... That's kinda like you.
Misaki: Speaking of, you were amazing today.
Kanon: Ehehe, thank you. But really, it's because everyone from Hello, Happy World! was there for me.
Misaki: It's not really like I did anything though.
Kanon: That's not true! You're the one that made it possible for me to get here.
Misaki: Ahaha, if you say so. That's good.
Kanon: You know, I'm normally just going with the flow like a jellyfish, but I think today I might have shown a bit of my own will.
Misaki: Kanon-san... Yeah, I think you did. You might not even be a jellyfish anymore.
Kanon: That would be nice...
Kanon: Okay, I've decided...! I've decided, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: Huh...? Wh-what's got you so excited?
Kanon: I want to aim to be a penguin this time!
Misaki: What?! A penguin?! What does that even mean?
Kanon: Uhm, after we returned Pen-chan to the attendant, I read the passage about penguins they had up.
Kanon: It said that when penguins are together, there will always be a penguin that leads the group.
Kanon: Apparently, that penguin puts itself up front to make sure there isn't any danger and to communicate to the others that things are safe.
Misaki: Yeah, my image of penguins is that they always do everything as a group. So that's why they do it, huh?
Kanon: Mhm. I learned that today too.
Misaki: So why does that make you want to become a penguin?
Kanon: It seems that even though there's a penguin that leads, it's not necessarily considered the leader.
Misaki: Oh, interesting.
Kanon: There's more! They call that brave penguin in the front "the first penguin"...
Kanon: I was thinking that I wanted to be like the first penguin, who can show courage and lead the way.
Kanon: Though I'm not really sure I can do something as amazing as that...
Misaki: No, I think that's a good idea.
Misaki: It's a goal to create a new you. You have my support.
Kanon: Misaki-chan... Ehehe, thank you.
Misaki: Alright, the next time I have a problem, I think I'll come to you first.
Kanon: Huh? O-okay...! I'll do everything I can!
Misaki: I'm counting on you. You are the only one I can depend on in Hello, Happy World! after all.
Kanon: Fufu. If you're happy counting on me, then... okay!
Kokoro: Kanon, Misaki!
Hagumi: You guys, we're gonna go see the otters! C'mon, hurry~!
Kanon: Ah, yeah! We're coming!
Kanon: Come on, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Oh, right. There's nothing scarier than the three dummies on the loose...
Kanon: Ahaha... But it looks like you're having a lot of fun too, you know.
Misaki: Well, this is rather fun... I guess.


<A Penguin Wool Felt>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Shopping Mall]

Kanon: ... Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Kanon: Are you here to do some shopping?
Kanon: Yeah, me too. I found this lovely knick-knack shop while I was looking around, so I was just browsing.
Kanon: Look, this shop has a lot of penguin products.
Kanon: Stuffed animals, key holders, mugs... Ah, they have penguin pajamas too...!
Kanon: So cute... It's a bit expensive, but maybe I'll still buy it...
Kanon: ... Ah, I-I'm sorry!
Kanon: I recently spent a lot of time with a penguin, so seeing penguin stuff kind of caught my attention...
Kanon: Uh-uhm, it's not that we went to the aquarium to see them really...
Kanon: What actually happened was that we found a lost penguin at the train station, so everyone from Hello, Happy World! helped bring it back home.
Kanon: Fufufu, shocking, right?
Kanon: I didn't imagine I would run into a penguin at the station, so when I found it, I was taken by surprise myself.
Kanon: We figured out that it was a penguin from the aquarium, so at first, we were going to have someone from there come to the station and meet up with us, but...
Kanon: That didn't go so well... And that's when we ended up bringing the penguin to the aquarium ourselves.
Kanon: We got it to there safe and sound, but now that I look back at it, there are a lot of things I could have done better.
Kanon: I was trying to help, so I did what I could, but I'm sure suddenly picking it up startled it.
Kanon: Also, I ended up getting separated from the rest of Hello, Happy World! and getting lost with the penguin in my arms, so that could have gone better...
Kanon: I shouldn't leave everyone behind and run off knowing how bad I am with directions.
Kanon: Even if I'm doing something because I want to help somebody, it's a waste of effort if I end up causing trouble for someone else...
Kanon: It made me realize I should understand the situation around me better before doing something.
Kanon: ... Hm? You think it sounds like we had a tough time...?
Kanon: Yeah, if I said it wasn't, I'd be lying to you...
Kanon: But it wasn't all bad, you know.
Kanon: I might just be making this up, but I was glad because it felt like the penguin trusted me.
Kanon: And when we finally brought it back home and saw it being energetic, that kind of made me feel happy too.
Kanon: Thinking about it now, even with those bad parts included, that day made for a great memory.
Kanon: Fufu, you want to see the penguin after hearing that story?
Kanon: It's really cute, you know. The next time you have a chance, you should go to the aquarium.
Kanon: ... Ah, oh yeah. Can I show you something really quickly?
Kanon: This is a felt animal I made.
Kanon: I started felting after Misaki taught me.
Kanon: She's really good at it, but I still don't really have the hang of it...
Kanon: ... Uhm, do you know what animal it is?
Kanon: ...
Kanon: ... Huh? I'm staring... too hard?
Kanon: Fueee, I-I'm so sorry...! I just wanted to know if I made it right...
Kanon: The other day, Kokoro-chan thought the dolphin I made was a caterpillar...
Kanon: Uhhh, don't worry! It won't bother me! Just be honest about what you see!
Kanon: ... Penguin? Y-yeah, that's the right answer!
Kanon: Thank goodness it actually looks like a penguin.
Kanon: ... Wait. Ah, I-I see.
Kanon: Anyone would know what it was after hearing that story, wouldn't they...?
Kanon: Hm? That's not what it is? You can actually tell it's a penguin?
Kanon: Th-thank you so much...! Hearing that really encourages me to keep trying.
Kanon: If I'm able to make something better next time, can I show it to you?
Kanon: Fufufu, thank you.
Kanon: ... Ah, s-sorry.
Kanon: I talked for a bit too long, didn't I?
Kanon: You're always such a good listener, so I end up talking more than I should.
Kanon: Alright. See you later. I'm going to look around a little bit more.
