351_Kanon Matsubara_R2 The Magic of Smiles

<The Importance of Having Fun>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kanon: So our new outfits are magic themed, right? I can't wait to see how they turn out.
Hagumi: They're gonna be super cute, obviously! After all, I really liked all of the ones we've worn up until now!
Kanon: Mhm, me too. All of Hello, Happy World!'s outfits are cute.
Kanon: I'm happy to get new ones, but it also makes me a bit concerned...
Hagumi: Hm? Why's that?
Kanon: We're going with a magic theme, right? And Kokoro-chan and Kaoru-san went to the library to find tricks that will shock the audience...
Kanon: But that means... you know... I'll be doing magic tricks also.
Hagumi: That's right! Performing magic is fun too~!
Kanon: It's so nice that you're able to get excited about this Hagumi. But I don't know if I can do any tricks... And I'm not very skilled with my hands, so I'm worried.
Kanon: When we actually get on that stage, I might end up holding us back...
Hagumi: Hey, but didn't you do some magic that time when we went to the hospital, Kano-chan-senpai?
Kanon: W-well... That was because the people in the suits...
Hagumi: The people in the suits? What do you mean...?
Kanon: N-nothing. Never mind. Just talking to myself.
Hagumi: Hmm~, I'm not sure I follow, but I am sure that it'll be fine! You were able to do it last time, so you'll be able to do it this time too!
Kanon: Yeah... I guess. I hope you're right...
Hagumi: I also don't know for sure if I can pull off anything too hard, but I think it's fine as long as you have fun!
Kanon: As long as we have fun...?
Kanon: Yeah, you're exactly right. As long as we do that, it'll be okay.
Hagumi: Mhm! Yep! Exactly!
Kanon: I'm pretty sure if it were me before joining Hello, Happy World!... I wouldn't have been able to think that way...
Kanon: I'd be nervous about not being able to do the magic tricks... And I think I wouldn't have been able to get that off my mind.
Kanon: But you know, after becoming a member of the band, I learned the value of being able to enjoy myself... And how wonderful that ability is... I feel like now, I'm able to actively do that a lot of the time.
Kanon: Ah, I-I'm sorry. I got carried away and completely took over the conversation... I'm sure nothing I said made any sense...
Hagumi: That... was so moving! I know exactly what you're talking about Kano-chan-senpai!
Hagumi: The way you're able to have fun doing lots of things now? I feel the same way!
Kanon: Even now, I get nervous about possibly failing before our shows... But I feel even stronger about wanting to enjoy myself.
Kanon: Maybe I'm able to think this way because I've grown a little after becoming a part of Hello, Happy World! Though... I can't really say for sure.
Hagumi: I can't say whether or not that's true either, since I didn't know you before joining Hello, Happy World!, but I get the sense that you're more worry-free now!
Kanon: Yeah... that could be true. Maybe since I'm more willing to challenge myself, I don't hesitate has often.
Hagumi: What about me? What about me? Have I grown any?
Kanon: Hagumi-chan, you're... uhm... Ah, I think you're a much more consistent bass player than you were before!
Kanon: At first, your rhythm was unsteady, and you would jump ahead of tempo sometimes, but that doesn't happen anymore.
Kanon: I think that's really important for a band. And we are still a band, no matter what kind of fun activities we do. Everything loses meaning if we're not playing decent music.
Hagumi: Mhm, yeah! You're right about that! Okay, so I've gotten better at the bass~. I'm glad to hear that!
Kanon: Fufu, you look so happy. Maybe it's easier for you to improve because you're enjoying yourself while you do it.
Hagumi: I think it's important to have fun while doing stuff! Think about it! Our slogan is about making the world smile, right? That means I've gotta take the lead and enjoy myself first!
Kanon: Yeah. There will probably still be times when I become worried, but...
Kanon: I still have to make sure I'm putting fun first, right? That's what Hello, Happy World! is all about.
Hagumi: Yep! Let's keep having as much fun as we can!


<I Have to Find It...>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kanon: Good. I was able to get a rehearsal slot at the studio. I can't just let Misaki-chan always take care of it. I have to do things every now and then too...
Marina: Ah, Kanon-san. Came to reserve a room?
Kanon: Oh, Marina-san. {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon. Yes, I did.
Marina: I heard you girls are going to be wearing something new at your next show... New outfits, huh~? Doesn't that make you feel a lot more motivated during practice?!
Kanon: Y-yes. We'll be putting them on during our next rehearsal... I'm really excited about that.
Kanon: These new ones are cute, just like the last ones, and they have that Hello, Happy World! feeling to them. I like them a lot.
Kanon: Kokoro-chan and the others are always able to think of ways to make people smile with ideas for outfits and staging... I think that's amazing.
Kanon: I'm... usually more likely to take everyone's thoughts and compile them together... But I have to be able to do more than just that.
Kanon: I'm a member of Hello, Happy World! too. I have to be able to share my own opinions as well... I have to find things that I think are fun.
Marina: Hmm~... I don't know about that. Something 'fun' is not really something you force yourself to find, right?
Kanon: Ah... Yes, you might be right... Yeah, that's true. If you have to push yourself to do that, then whatever you come up with probably isn't fun...
Marina: Don't think about it too hard. What if you try letting yourself feel what's fun, and just suggest things here and there? Doesn't matter how small that thing is. Just do it.
Kanon: If I let myself feel what's fun... I'd go with watching jellyfish and going to different cafés... But I don't know if everyone else likes those things...
Marina: And that's why you didn't say anything and ended up not offering any ideas, right?
Kanon: Th-that's true... It's important to actually share your thoughts first.
Kanon: Like having a jellyfish tank on stage or wearing cafe-themed outfits...
Kanon: There's a chance I'll be able to find someone besides me who actually likes the sound of those things...
Kanon: I shouldn't stop myself even before making a suggestion, right?! After all... The world is a large place. There are so many possibilities...
Kanon: Thanks for listening, you guys.
Kanon: Next time, if I have the chance, I'll try sharing my thoughts!
