463_Kanon Matsubara_R4 Have Courage

Gacha phrase: I-I'm scared, but... I have to help Kokoro-chan!

<The Upside of Getting Lost>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Pirate Cave?]

Kanon: Ah, the path splits up again...
Misaki: What, seriously? We've been hitting non-stop forks in the road ever since we went through that tunnel.
Hagumi: And we keep going the wrong way and running into dead ends. I'm beat after all this back and forth...
Kaoru: Hagumi, if things were perpetually favorable, it'd be quite a lackluster experience.  There are times of failure and times of great success... A tumultuous journey is a fascinating one.
Misaki: Uhh, no. Messing up over and over is just annoying.
Kokoro: It sure is strange though. How do we always end up picking the road with a dead end?
Kaoru: Dare I say, our fleeting fates are the culprits, yet again.
Misaki: Well, nothing's gonna get done if we just stand around here. Let's just pick a direction and go.
Kanon: Okay, we'll take a vote then. We need to choose the path that actually takes us somewhere this time...
Hagumi: Got it! I wanna go left!
Misaki: Last time we went left, it was the wrong way... I guess it's right for me.
Kokoro: I pick left! I have a feeling it'll lead to something fun!
Kaoru: Instincts, may you guide me... Right it is. Surely, a path shall open up before us.
Hagumi: That means... we're going the way Kano-chan-senpai says we should go!
Kanon: What? Again?
Misaki: Now that you mention it, yeah, the vote always gets split down the middle, and you end up choosing which road we take, Kanon-san.
Kanon: I keep ending up last because I take too long...
Kanon: Ohhh, what if I choose a dead end again...?
Kokoro: You don't have to do so much thinking, Kanon! Just choose the way you wanna go!
Kaoru: Heed the words of Kokoro. If you listen to your heart, all shall go well.
Kanon: O-okay. Then I think we should go right...
Kokoro: That makes three votes for that way! Let's get a move on!
(Black cut)

[A Few Minutes Later]

Misaki: We've been walking for a while now. I don't think we'll be seeing any dead ends.
Kaoru: It seems our intuition was correct. We can finally move closer to our goal.
Kanon: Huh...? Pretty sure I just felt wind blowing...
Hagumi: Yeah! It's coming in from somewhere in front of us!
Kokoro: Maybe it leads outside. Let's go take a look!
(Black cut)

[Pirate Cave? - Secret Beach]

Hagumi: Wow! We made it to the ocean!
Kaoru: A refreshing breeze, along with a body of water that glistens like a set of crown jewels... Such a fleeting scene.
Kokoro: What a lovely place! I had no idea there was a beach like this on the island!
Misaki: But it's completely surrounded by walls. Looks like the end of the road...
Kanon: A-another dead end... Ah, I think I get it now...!
Kaoru: ...? Is something the matter, Kanon?
Kanon: It's my fault this keeps happening...!
Misaki: Huh? Nah, I wouldn't say that. Picking a direction pretty much comes down to chance, so...
Kanon: No, but still... You know how we always vote and I end up being last, so we go the way I choose?
Kanon: You all already know about my horrible sense of direction. This happens to me all the time.
Kanon: When I have to choose which way to go, I usually end up getting it wrong. This is happening because I always get lost... And now you're all paying the price for it.
Kaoru: Kanon, you're overthinking it. You must realize that the directions you choose have also chosen by others.
Hagumi: Mhm! And anyone would get lost in a place they've never been before!
Misaki: I'm gonna have to agree with Kaoru-san and Hagumi here.
Kanon: B-but-
Kokoro: Hmm, I also wonder whether getting lost is actually a bad thing.
Kanon: Huh...?
Kokoro: Think about it! If we didn't, we wouldn't have found such a great beach!
Kokoro: I've had fun seeing every corner of this cave, and that would've never happened if we knew which way to go!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan...
Kokoro: Maybe you should enjoy getting lost more.
Kokoro: Instead of feeling worried when it happens, you can imagine the wonderful things you might find. That'll make you happy!
Misaki: I don't know if I'd call that optimism or what... Still, I'm with you on the part about not worrying so much.
Kanon: You're all right. I'm not supposed to put the blame on myself for everything.
Kanon: I don't think I'll be able to do it right away, but hopefully, one day I can be like Kokoro-chan and think positively about having a bad sense of direction...
Kokoro: I know you can do it, Kanon!
Kaoru: Now, shall we head back?
Hagumi: Yeah! Let's go and find that treasure!
Kanon: Uhm, wait...
Kokoro: ...? What's wrong?
Kanon: Just in case, we should probably go in the direction I didn't choose the next time the road splits...
Misaki: Kanon-san, why don't we try being a little more confident? Starting now...


<As Long as We're Together>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Hm? That's Kanon-chan, isn't it? Kanon-chan~!
Kanon: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, good afternoon. Are you two headed somewhere today?
Marina: I wouldn't call it that. We're planning to do a little shopping close by. What about you? Out buying something?
Kanon: Yeah. I thought I'd get an album to put some photos in.
Marina: A photo album? Did you just get back from a trip? Wait, I just realized, you've got a little tan going on.
Kanon: Actually, I went to the southern islands over the weekend.
Marina: The southern islands?!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan has a vacation home there... Hello, Happy World! went as a group.
Marina: Wow, that's awesome! What did you all do? Did you go diving and surfing and stuff?
Kanon: Huh...? Oh, uhh... W-we didn't do anything like that.
Marina: Oh, you didn't? ... Ah, so you went on a cruise, is that it?!
Kanon: N-no, sorry, we didn't do that either... Uhm... We went treasure hunting in a cave...
Marina: Wh-what...? That's... kind of a strange way to have fun.
Kanon: Well, that's the whole reason we went there in the first place.
Kanon: After we found a map at Kokoro-chan's house, we started talking about how it could lead us to treasure. That's why we went to the island drawn on it...
Marina: There was a treasure map in her house...? I think I might have to visit her place one day...
Kanon: We were supposed to be looking for stuff we could use for our upcoming show. Who'd have thought we'd end up being invited on a treasure-hunting adventure. Not me.
Marina: There's one thing I really wanna know. Wasn't it scary searching around a cave?
Kanon: Yes, very... We may have had a map on the way there, but once we were inside, it was dark and hard to see where we were going. That was pretty tough.
Marina: Th-that sounds terrifying... You were okay with that?
Kanon: N-not at all... We ran into a horde of bats... We heard a spooky voice...
Kanon: I was afraid. Everyone was... But...
Marina: But...?
Kanon: We all worked together and overcame those things. Then we found the treasure and celebrated together...
Kanon: Yeah, there were many things there that spooked us, but there were a lot of fun parts as well.
Kanon: I think I'm able to think this way because I was with the other members of Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: And that makes perfect sense. Our band is all about finding the fun in everything, after all.
Marina: Yeah, I could see that! You girls got some really energetic ones on your team!
Kanon: Fufu, right. Oh, so you agree, {{userName}}-san?
Kanon: That's why I was thinking that I wanted to go to more places with them.
Kanon: Th-though, I'd be happy if it wasn't a place that frightens me...
