512_Kanon Matsubara_R2 Encouraging Melody

<Special Order>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Fast Food Store]

Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai~♪  ... Whoa! Look at all the people!
Misaki: Jeez~. That's some pretty unlucky timing. I guess we'll just have to get in line.
Hagumi: Okay! Let's get in Kano-chan-senpai's line~!
Misaki: Alright, alright, calm down~. I can't believe how crowded it is here. Is that Aya-senpai on that register? Looks rough...
Hagumi: Hii-chan and Tomo-chin are here too. Look at how busy they are cleaning. There's no way we can call out to them now~.
Misaki: No kidding. This place is a warzone~.
Kanon: F-fue~.
Hagumi: Ah, Kano-chan-senpai! It looks like she's in trouble.
Misaki: Oh~, I bet someone's ordering a lot of food. I wonder if she's okay... That kind of stuff doesn't seem like a strong point for her.
Kanon: Fue... You currently have twenty items. Will that be all...?
Hagumi: Twenty?!
Misaki: Wow... Having to do twenty items with a line like this? I wouldn't be able to do it, that's for sure. Will Kanon-san... be alright...?
Kanon: O-okay... Let me read that back to you... Fue~...
Kanon: Three orange juices, no ice. Three iced teas, one with lemon, two with milk. Two large french fry sets, one with a side salad, one with a side of chicken nuggets.
Kanon: Six special burgers, one with no pickles. Three soft-serve ice creams, two vanillas, one strawberry. One kid's meal with toy number two...
Kanon: Fue~... I-is that everything...?
Misaki & Hagumi: ... Huh?
Hagumi: Mii-kun, could you remember all that on the first try?
Misaki: Are you kidding me?! That's impossible! Especially with all those special requests like no pickles or no ice!
Misaki: Didn't that customer change which toy they wanted in the middle of all that, too? There's no way I could do that.
Hagumi: That's what I was thinking too! I thought Kano-chan-senpai was using some sort of magic! She's amazing!
Misaki: Too amazing if you ask me... That was insane...!
(Black cut)
Kanon: Phew... It's finally calmed down. These next customers are our last- Ah, Misaki-chan, Hagumi-chan!
Hagumi: Yahoo~, Kano-chan-senpai! You looked so cool back there! You were like, "Whoosh! Swish! Zoom~!"
Kanon: ... 'Zoom'? U-uhm... Th-thank you?
Kanon: Uhh, anyway. Welcome, what can I get you today?
Misaki: Kanon-san... Even while crying "fue~," she still managed to get their order down perfectly. Could she be... a super genius?
Misaki: Maybe she's just pretending in front of us... No, wait, this is Kanon-san we're talking about. She wouldn't do that... Would she...?
Kanon: Fue~... M-Misaki-chan...? U-uhm... Wh-what would you like to order...?


<To Those Doing Their Best>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Downtown]

Kanon: Huh...? Is that...?
Marina: Hi, Kanon-chan. Who would've thought we'd see you here~?
Marina: {{userName}}-san and I actually just ran into each other too. Are you out shopping?
Kanon: I thought I'd buy some candy for everyone at work. I've been switching shifts to go to practice a lot lately, so I thought it'd be nice to get them something as a thank-you gift.
Marina: That's got to be pretty tough... Wait, didn't Hello, Happy World! just have a concert...?
Kanon: Ah, I'm not going to the studio for Hello, Happy World! practice.
Kanon: A little while ago, Aya-chan, Lisa-chan, Moca-chan, Tsugumi-chan and I formed a band, so now I've got rehearsal for that.
Marina: Aya-chan, Lisa-chan... Ah, wait, with those members, it wouldn't happen to be that High School Part-Timer Rally Song, would it?
Kanon: Yes.  Have you heard it already?
Marina: {{userName}}-san said I should give it a listen. Apparently, your song gives quite the energy boost~. At least, that's what I'm told.
Kanon: Is that so?  Uhm... Th-thank you for listening to it.
Marina: Thank you for giving us such a lovely song. By the way, that's quite the unique lineup for a band you've got there.
Kanon: Yes. I was a little worried about whether we'd be able to pull it off in the beginning.
Kanon: Aya-chan was really nervous about how different our group was from her usual band...
Kanon: However, once we realized that we all have part-time jobs, we started to get along, and everything fell into place after that.
Marina: That's great to hear! So that's how you ended up with something like High School Part-Timer Rally Song.
Kanon: Yes, although... I made and performed that song for everyone out there working hard... Not just those of us who have jobs.
Kanon: I know it's difficult to convey my feelings to all of them... But I thought if there was any way to do it, it'd be through music.
Kanon: And I think the fact that we all have jobs helped us write this song. So that's another reason I'd like to get everyone at work some candy. Something to show them how grateful I am...
Marina: I see. That makes it harder to choose, doesn't it?
Kanon: Yeah...
Marina: In that case, I'll help you look! What about you, {{userName}}-san? Do you have time right now?
Kanon: R-really? Thank you so much...!
Marina: Fufu, I can help you with picking out treats. I know this amazing shop that sells delicious baumkuchen. Let's check that place out first!
Marina: It's a super-popular place, so we better hurry! Let's go!
Kanon: O-okay! Thank you so much for your help.
