521_Kanon Matsubara_R3 With Everyone's Help

Gacha phrase: Now's the time to give some of that cheer to Misaki-chan.

<Giving Someone a Push>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Hagumi: The go-karts were awesome, weren't they~?!
Misaki: Not sure I can agree when we were so close to driving into oncoming traffic... I'm just glad we made it to the finish line.
Kaoru: Fufu, one must have the spice of thrilling experiences in order to fully enjoy the amusement park... It is that and nothing more.
Kanon: Whoa, look at that, Misaki-chan. Every ride has a long line like that one... It's nice to see so many customers.
Misaki: Yeah. It's hard to believe how sad the vibe was the first time we came.
Hagumi: Hm? Kokoron's gone! Where'd she go?
Misaki: Ah, there she is in front of the roller coaster. She's having a conversation with those kids... I wonder what they're talking about.
Kokoro: Thanks for waiting!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, what was that about?
Kokoro: They wanted to know if roller coasters are scary, so I told them it's a lot of fun 'cause it's like flying through the air!
Misaki: Ahaha, that's not surprising at all, coming from you...
Kanon: She does make it sound like a lot of fun, doesn't she?
Hagumi: Oh! It looks like those kids are heading for the roller coaster!
Kanon: Fufu, they're laughing. I guess they're very excited now. Maybe even more than they are scared.
Kaoru: Yet another astounding feat, Kokoro. If only I, too, could feel the way those kids do about roller coasters...
Misaki: Ohhh, yeah, you're pretty scared of heights, huh?
Kaoru: Surely, I wish to experience the fleetingness that exists at the altitude, but unfortunately... a perilous road lies ahead.
Kanon: B-but having fun is the most important part. You shouldn't have to force yourself on the ride, right?
Hagumi: That's right, Kaoru-kun! There are lots of other great rides to get on!
Kaoru: Kanon, Hagumi, your words strike the chords of my heart, and for that, I am grateful. However, I cannot continue on like this. I must think of the little kittens who show me their support as well.
Kanon: (She really wants to overcome her fear of heights...)
Kanon: I hope you can find a way to get over your fear, Kaoru-san...
Kaoru: Shakespeare has these words to offer: "My words fly up, my thoughts remain below." A concrete method for overcoming my fear will not be easily determined.
Kanon: But you're completely fine when you're filling a role, aren't you? Like if you were playing a character that likes heights...?
Kaoru: Indeed. I am an actress after all. I cannot allow my true self to be revealed during an act.
Kaoru: But the impending horror that follows... Its severity... is difficult to put into words.
Hagumi: Okay, then what about getting on and closing your eyes?!
Misaki: No way, that's way too scary.
Kokoro: That's so weird. What's there to be afraid of?
Kanon: You've never thought of a roller coaster as scary before, Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: Nope! It's like becoming the wind! I think you just need to enjoy the height and speed more, Kaoru.
Kaoru: Enjoy the height and speed, you say...? How spectacular it'd be to be able to have such a fleeting experience...
Misaki: I mean, if it were that simple, she wouldn't be worrying in the first place. I don't think it's gonna be that easy.
Kanon: I'm sure there's something that'll work, Kaoru-san. Would you like to think about it together?
Kaoru: I appreciate this, Kanon. "The night is long that never finds the day." I shall not give up hope.
Kanon: I know. What if we try riding it while we all sing? It might put you in a good mood, like how we felt during the parade concert.
Kaoru: A recreation of the parade...?
Kanon: And if we all sing, you'll get the feeling that you're not alone... Maybe your enjoyment will become even bigger than your fear.
Kokoro: What a lovely idea, Kanon! If everyone's singing, then all the people throughout the park will smile!
Kaoru: The parade concert... Never will I forget it. Such beautiful moments, fleeting like a dream. I can still see it now, burned into my memory.
Kanon: The smiles kept spreading farther and farther that night. I think you can have just as much fun as those people if we all sing.
Kanon: Besides, you can always back out if you decide you can't do it while we're standing in line... And we'll all be right there with you. Even I'll give it a shot... So? Would you like to try?
Misaki: Are you sure about that? It's not like you handle roller coasters all that well either...
Kaoru: Thank you, Kanon. Your passionate and fleeting sentiment has been conveyed. That's it... The roller coaster is nothing more than a parade concert! There's nothing to fear...!
Misaki: Wow, you're really that excited about it...?!
Kaoru: My beautiful voice shall roar throughout Smile Land! No need to worry, Kanon. Our hearts and souls are perpetually connected, even when we're apart... Stand there and bear witness to my gallantry!
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, I'll be waving at you from above!
Misaki: Ahaha. Well, now that Kaoru-san's so inspired, you have no reason to force yourself, Kanon-san. Just sit back and watch.
Kanon: Misaki-chan... Thanks. I'll be cheering as hard as I can.
Kokoro: I knew it! You're amazing, Kanon!
Kanon: Huh? I didn't do anything though.
Kokoro: Yes, you did! Kaoru is smiling! And it's 'cause you gave her some courage!
Kokoro: I don't get the fear she's feeling very well, but you do, right? You were able to give Kaoru the push she needed because you understand where she's coming from!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan... Ehehe, I'm happy to hear you say that. Thank you.
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Kaoru: ...
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun, your face is so pale! Are you feeling okay?!
Kaoru: But of course... It was the most... fleeting... and enjoyable... experience...
Kanon: Fueee! Kaoru-san, are you alright? I'm so sorry. Maybe it was too much after all... You should rest for a bit!


<Hello, Happy History!>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Hm? Is that Kanon-chan over there? Kanon-chan~!
Kanon: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Marina: What a coincidence. Are you shopping too?
Kanon: I am. I came with my family today... Now I'm just looking around, waiting for them to finish.
Marina: Oh, okay. Ah! I hear you girls had a pretty successful parade concert down at Smile Land! Everyone was telling me how much fun they had.
Kanon: Really, they were? That's great. A lot of people came to see us... And Akari-chan and her friends came to show their support.
Kanon: Oh, Akari-chan is a girl we became friends with when we did our show at the hospital.
Marina: Is she now?! Yeah, Hello, Happy World! does perform at a bunch of different places. I bet you all have lots of friends.
Kanon: Ehehe... Pen-chan the penguin came too.  I was happy to see her after so long.
Marina: A penguin...?! You're friends with a penguin, too?
Kanon: Yes. One day, Pen-chan got lost and we just happened to run into each other... The aquarium people came to the amusement park to liven up the place.
Marina: They helped you out too? That's awesome!
Kanon: At first, they were taken aback when I told them the plan... But they said they would help because Hello, Happy World! was asking. I don't think it would have happened without us.
Marina: I see. So maybe so many people were willing to lend a hand because you've all worked so hard and brought your band to so many places.
Kanon: Ehehe, I hope that's the case...
Marina: I mean, just from hearing you talk about it, I know Hello, Happy World! is always doing something amazing. Riding a cruise ship, hunting for treasure...
Kanon: Yeah. Ever since entering this group, we've done so many mind-blowing things...
Kanon: Looking back on it, I think Hello, Happy World! is the way it is now because of all the different sorts of experiences we've had...
Kanon: We all smiled during our parade concert... Those smiles spread to the audience... And they went so far that the park was bursting with them. I was very happy to see that.
Marina: Bursting with smiles... That sounds lovely.
Kanon: Mhm. We do that for the fans, and we're filled with cheer in return.
Marina: Holding a performance at an amusement park is no small feat. Even if someone thought of the idea, they probably wouldn't be able to pull it off. I'm really impressed! Aren't you, {{userName}}-san?
Kanon: Thank you. Obviously, I was worried at first, but... Hello, Happy World! never gives up.
Kanon: Kokoro-chan always faces things head-on, she's full of positive energy, she shines bright like the sun... and she helps us do the same.
Kanon: Even Misaki-chan who was so worried said that Hello, Happy World!'s job is to make the world smile...
Kanon: And Kaoru-san and Hagumi-chan always have the rest of us in mind, thinking hard about what we need... Everyone loves Hello, Happy World! with all their heart.
Kanon: Standing up there, performing during that concert, and seeing that view... made me hope that we'd continue playing together. It made me hope that we could make even more people smile.
Kanon: I wondered whether or not we could accomplish this goal at first, but... now I feel like as long as Hello, Happy World! is together, maybe we really can make the world smile.
Marina: Fufu. Kanon-chan, you've changed.
Kanon: Huh? I have? Ehehe... I'd have to say it was thanks to being around the rest of the band members if I did.
Marina: I'm gonna find time to go to Smile Land soon, okay?! After hearing everything about it, I've gotten curious.
Kanon: Okay. I'm sure it'll be a lot of fun. It'll put a smile on your face, no question about it.
