590_Kanon Matsubara_R2 A Short Trip?

<A Room's Personality>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Eve Wakamiya)

[Tea Ceremony Club Room]

Eve: ... Yawn~... Mmm...
Kanon: You seem really sleepy. Are you alright?
Eve: Y-yes! I just went to bed a little late last night...
Kanon: Is that so? I'm sure you're really busy with work, even on your days off.
Eve: Ah, no, I'm not tired because of that!
Eve: Yesterday I had a rare day off from work and my lessons, so I decided to go to the museum. They have an exhibition on castles going on right now!
Eve: It was very interesting, so when I got home, I started reading the pamphlet and looking things up on the internet... Before I knew it, it got really late.
Kanon: Fufu, so that's why you're so tired. Sounds like you had a good day.
Eve: I did! What did you do this weekend, Kanon-san?
Kanon: Hello, Happy World! and I got to spend an entire night together.
Eve: Oh, that sounds fun! Were you traveling?
Kanon: No, we just stayed at Kaoru-san's place.
Eve: Oh, so you had a slumber party...! How wonderful!
Eve: Did you stay up all night talking to one another?
Kanon: Well, kind of. I fell asleep pretty early...
Eve: And did you have a pillow fight?!
Kanon: Ahaha... No, not really...
Eve: You know, I think Tsugumi-san also mentioned Afterglow having a sleepover recently.
Kanon: Did she? They're all childhood friends, so I'm sure they stay over at each other's houses quite often.
Eve: Listening to all these stories makes me really want to have a sleepover at someone's house too.
Kanon: Huh? Does that mean you and the rest of Pastel＊Palettes haven't had a slumber party yet? You're all so close, I thought for sure you'd had one by now.
Eve: Well... When we're on location, sometimes we stay in hotels together...
Eve: But we haven't had any slumber parties yet.
Kanon: Is that so? I suppose staying in a hotel is a different kind of fun from sleeping over at someone's house.
Eve: I agree. Plus, you can tell someone's personality from their room, so I'd love to see how my bandmates decorate theirs!
Kanon: Fufu, that's very true. Kaoru-san's room had so many higher level books in it... A smart and beautiful room.
Eve: Really?! That sounds perfect for Kaoru-san.
Eve: Mmm... Now I want to go to a slumber party even more. I'm so jealous!
Eve: By the way, what kind of room do you have, Kanon-san?
Kanon: My room? Uhm... It seems pretty normal to me... Ah, I've got it.
Eve: ...? Got what?
Kanon: Would you like to come to my place sometime, Eve-chan?
Eve: What? Can I?!
Kanon: Sure. Only if you want to, of course...
Eve: I'd love to! Fufu, now I get to see what your room's like... I can't wait!
Kanon: Haha, don't get too excited now. You'll make me nervous.
Eve: Fufu... What should we do at our slumber party? This is going to be so much fun!
Eve: I know! As thanks, we can have another sleepover at my place next time! I can show you my castle collection!
Kanon: Alright, sounds like a plan. Fufu, I'm looking forward to it.


<After a Fight>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Downtown]

Marina: Huh? Kanon-chan? Where are you hurrying off to?
Kanon: Marina-san, good afternoon!
Kanon: My brother forgot his lunch today, so I'm on my way to bring it to him.
Marina: I see, I didn't know you were a big sister...
Marina: Your brother must be pretty happy to have a sibling like you though... You even bring him his lunches~.
Kanon: I-I wouldn't say that... But thank you.
Marina: You two must really get along. I bet you never fight, huh?
Kanon: Ahaha, that's not true.
Kanon: Every once in a while I'll get angry with him.
Marina: Really? I can't even imagine you angry.
Kanon: We actually just had a small fight yesterday.
Kanon: Then I remembered what Misaki-chan did when she and her mother had an argument. She took a look at herself, saw what she did wrong, and decided to apologize first.
Kanon: So I thought I'd do the same.
Marina: So did that help you make up?
Kanon: Yes, he apologized to me too after that. We both laughed about how silly our fight was.
Marina: Fufu, that's good. You should thank Misaki-chan for helping you realize what you needed to do.
Kanon: That's true. I'll have to tell her next time I see her.
Marina: Ah, sorry to call out to you like that. You're on your way to drop off your brother's lunch, right?
Kanon: Ah! You're right, I have to hurry! See you later.
Marina: Alright, be careful.
