683_Kanon Matsubara_R3 Glistening Colors

<Small Reciprocation>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kanon: Ahhh, now that we've finished lunch, all that's left is preparing for our afternoon lessons.
Chisato: Being under this warm sun is enough to make anyone sleepy.
Kanon: Uhm, Chisato-chan. There's something that I'd like to give you...
Chisato: For me? What is it?
Kanon: Here... I hope you'll accept it.
Chisato: Of course I will. Thank you. Is this... a phone strap? And there's something attached to it...
Kanon: It's a marble.
Chisato: But slightly different from a typical one, isn't it? I don't believe I have ever seen one that sparkles quite like this.
Kanon: They're called cracked marbles. Any ordinary marble can be made into one with a little extra work.
Chisato: Wait, did you make this yourself?
Kanon: Uh-huh. That's why it didn't come out so well...
Chisato: Don't be silly. It's beautiful.
Kanon: Fufu, I'm glad.
Chisato: But what is the occasion?
Kanon: Well, everyone in Hello, Happy World! took part in a Smile Patrol the other day.
Chisato: Smile Patrol... Sounds exciting.
Kanon: It was! Anyway, then we...
(Black cut)
Chisato: So the marbles you found eventually came to be a child's treasured item. Fufu, that reminds me of the Straw Millionaire.
Kanon: Yeah, you might say it was a very magical day.
Kanon: The marbles we found somehow lead to a day filled with smiles...
Kanon: Chisato-chan, your line of work is also about making people smile, right?
Kanon: That's why I thought it would be nice to return the favor, if only a little.
Chisato: Fufu, which brings us back to the lovely strap you made. Thank you, Kanon. I adore it.
Kanon: Keep up all the good work.
Chisato: But of course.
Chisato: What a gorgeous shade of blue... Oh my, is this the same color from the handicrafts event...?
Kanon: It is. It's the exact same color as the rings you picked out, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: You still have yours, I see.
Kanon: Of course. I can't wear it at school, but it's still a very important treasure to me. You see, it reminds me of all the wonderful things you and I have been through.
Kanon: Whenever I need a boost of confidence, I look at this ring. It helps me remember that, as long as I never give up, my dreams will eventually come true.
Kanon: So I hope that phone strap can help do the same for you when the time comes.
Chisato: Thank you, Kanon... I promise to treasure it, always and forever.
Kanon: I'm so glad that I could make you smile, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: After receiving a handmade present from my dear Kanon? How could I resist?
Kanon: Fufu. Seeing you smile is all it takes to make me smile, too.
Kanon: Oh, Chisato-chan. That reminds me... Would you like to come join our Smile Patrol?
Chisato: Fufu, a most wonderful proposal.
Kanon: Oh, but you might not be able to, being part of an agency and all...
Chisato: Uhm, Kanon? You need not treat me like a celebrity, okay?


<Where it Began>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Station Entrance]

Kanon: Ah. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Oh, Kanon-chan! No rehearsal today?
Kanon: That's right. So I decided I'd go for a walk and maybe do some shopping.
Kanon: Being out and about reminded me of what happened a little while back, and I just sort of ended up here.
Marina: Here...?
Kanon: Marina-san, don't you remember running into us here? On the day we picked up litter as the Smile Patrol.
Marina: Ah, now I remember! Thanks for everything you did that day. Sorry about springing that concert on you.
Kanon: No, I had a lot of fun. I should be the one thanking you.
Marina: But hey, thanks to everything you did, this area is still completely litter free. I think you girls may have changed people's attitudes.
Kanon: Thank you very much. From the moment it was suggested, I knew that litter collection would be an amazing job to do.
Kanon: However, once we actually started working, I could feel everyone staring at us. It was a little embarrassing...
Kanon: Slowly but surely, the area began to look cleaner, and I found myself having a good time.
Marina: I'd be willing to bet that the people watching you enjoyed it just as much.
Kanon: I sure hope so. Kokoro-chan is the one who dragged us all into it, but I'm actually glad that she did.
Kanon: Thanks to her, we have yet another wonderful day to look back on.
Kanon: This is actually where I met Kokoro-chan. It's where the two of us had our street performance.
Marina: In other words, this is the birthplace of Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: I called it a street performance, but it was mostly me creating a rhythm to follow along with Kokoro-chan's singing...
Kanon: At first, I was so embarrassed that I wanted to drop off the face of the earth... but I was too much of a coward to even refuse or leave...
Marina: Something about Kokoro-chan was just too compelling, then?
Kanon: I would say so... Before I knew it, we were putting on a show together.
Kanon: ... But yes, there is something. Looking back, that power of hers has been there to support me ever since that moment.
Kanon: I am thankful for both that street performance and our newly formed Smile Patrol.
Kanon: I never would have been able to do those things on my own.
Kanon: Since we first met, Kokoro-chan has been there to fill me with the courage I need. All the doubt I had before has long since disappeared.
Marina: You don't say... I think it's safe to say that Kokoro-chan is responsible for helping you change.
Kanon: I agree. Following her lead is bound to change anyone... She can get you to believe that.
Kanon: ... The funny thing is that I'm older than her. She really is a mystery.
Marina: I know what you mean~. Kokoro-chan is chock-full of a unique charm that is hard to resist.
Kanon: I doubt I can ever be like her, but... I definitely want to adopt the positive outlook that she has.
Kanon: I hope to become more confident when I'm confronted with a part of the world I've never seen. I want to have faith that there's nothing to be afraid of.
Marina: Well put! And we'll be here to help you every step of the way, Kanon-chan!
Kanon: Fufu, I'm glad I can count on you both. After all, Marina-san... you are also a member of the Smile Patrol. Fufufu.
