769_Kanon Matsubara_R3 Calm Sunlight

Gacha phrase: That sounds very much like Aya-chan.

<The Reason for Warmth>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Kanon: Phew, that's one more page down! How are you doing, Aya-chan?
Aya: Hang on, just a little more... Alright! All done!
Kanon: Good work. We've managed to get a lot done, so I say we deserve a little break.
Aya: Count me in~... Focusing that hard for so long has wiped me out~. But thinking about how much we've done so far is good motivation to keep going.
Kanon: You're right. Let's see... if we count the ones we just finished, then all we have left is... This pile over here.
Aya: Hey, that's not much at all! Wow, only a little more until it's all over.
Aya: I know I'm the one who suggested the guidebook in the first place, but I was kind of worried back when we started.
Aya: There were already a lot of poems to get through, and we also had to come up with translations, impressions, and drawings for all of them, you know? I'm still not sure how we managed it.
Kanon: I know how you feel... I was just as worried as you were... We had a lot on our plates.
Kanon: But once we got started, it ended up being a lot more fun than I thought. So many people have joined in and helped us along the way.
Aya: This is nice though, isn't it?! Everyone's working hard for one common goal.
Kanon: Fufu, I agree. I'm just glad that I was able to be of some use.
Aya: Don't sell yourself short, Kanon-chan. We never would have gotten anything done without you here!
Kanon: Y-you think so...? All I did was fill in the blank spaces with a few doodles here and there...
Aya: That's one of the most important jobs! Your drawings are what help make the guidebook so cool.
Aya: Having these pictures to look at is way more fun than reading through a bunch of text. That, and I personally like your art, Kanon-chan.
Aya: I mean, your drawings are just so pretty! They've got this bouncy, colorful feel to them that's really charming!
Aya: It's like you've taken yourself and somehow put it in art form, you know? I'm really jealous of your talent.
Kanon: Thank you. I don't know how good I am, but I've been drawing since I was a child, so it's like second nature at this point.
Aya: I had no idea! So that's why you're so skilled!
Kanon: You see, even when I was young, I've always preferred staying indoors to running around outside.
Kanon: I spent most of my time having my family read me books and drawing in big sketchbooks with my crayons... That's just how I played as a kid.
Aya: Wow! I think I mostly played around with my dolls and stuff too~.
Kanon: I sometimes went to the park with friends, but I was mostly at home, playing with my younger brother.
Kanon: Back then, I realized we didn't have to fight over whose turn it was if we were drawing...
Kanon: So we'd take one big sheet of paper and draw whatever we liked on it, then we'd show it to our family... Then occasionally everyone would start drawing together!
Kanon: That way, the whole family could share in all the fun.
Aya: Yeah, I used to draw my playmate and then we'd show each other our drawings. And if I actually drew something nice, I'd rush over to my mother so she could see what I made.
Aya: Hey, that sounds a lot like sharing photos online! I know that whenever I take a photo, I want to share it with everyone straight away!
Kanon: Come to think of it, the basic idea does sound similar. It's a desire to share your happiness with the people around you...
Kanon: It always made me happy to see people smile because of my artwork.
Kanon: Oh, and drawing was also something I could do alone, so it helped give my parents a break when they were tired from work or chores.
Kanon: Not that I noticed that kind of stuff back then, mind you...
Aya: No, I could definitely see you being aware of that! You're such a nice person, after all!
Aya: Kindness and consideration for others are not typically things we do on a conscious level anyway.
Aya: It's all about what kind of person you are, you know? All those experiences we've had growing up just sort of come out when the time is right!
Aya: You're always a kind person in your everyday life, and I think that also shows in your art.
Kanon: Th-that's... That's not true at all...
Aya: Of course it is! I mean, just look at all these warm and fuzzy pictures you've drawn.
Aya: What makes them so special is the kindness that was put into every line.
Kanon: That's not... If you keep going on like that, I'll be too embarrassed to draw anymore...
Kanon: Still... Thank you... I just hope others will enjoy my drawings, just like you said.
Aya: Of course they will! Be confident in yourself, Kanon-chan! I'll never stop talking about how wonderful your drawings are!
Kanon: Fufu, thank you. Hearing that gives me motivation to keep going.
Aya: That's great to hear! We only have a little more to go, so let's keep up this pace!
Kanon: Yeah, I'll try my best to draw something that will make the students happy.
Aya: Alright, nothing can stop us now~!


<A Happy Cycle>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Convenience Store]

Kanon: Hello, {{userName}}-san. Are you on your break?
Kanon: I'm on my way to hang out with Hagumi-chan at her house, and I thought I would buy some snacks to take with me.
Kanon: We're planning on practicing the One Hundred Poems card game together.
Kanon: That's not what you expected at all? True. Until recently, I had never even played it before...
Kanon: We actually had a One Hundred Poems tournament at school a while back. Since then, Hagumi-chan and I have been kinda hooked and like to play it from time to time.
Kanon: She's really, really good at snatching up the cards. She's so fast that my eyes can't keep up!
Kanon: Yeah, I did help out with the tournament preparations and a bunch of other stuff.
Kanon: Well, Sayo-chan and the rest of the student council were in charge of the important parts, while Aya-chan and I just helped make a guidebook.
Kanon: We went with a simple title, "One Hundred Poems Guidebook". You see, we figured the first step in getting people to enjoy the tournament would be to introduce them to the material.
Kanon: I had actually made a guidebook for a sakura party we had a while back, but the one for this tournament turned out even better.
Kanon: At first, it was just me and Aya-chan working on them. But eventually, some people from both the newspaper club and the student council joined in. We had a lot of fun together.
Kanon: The guidebooks were apparently pretty popular... I was so glad to hear that our hard work helped bring in more participants.
Kanon: My motivation for taking part in the beginning was just to help out Aya-chan and Sayo-chan, if only a little.
Kanon: But before I knew it, other people were also helping me out as well. It gave me this nice warm feeling inside.
Kanon: I hope I can find the opportunity to repay the kindness of all those who were there for me.
Kanon: Being considerate of others always has a way of coming back around...
Kanon: And I think that cycle of happiness is so amazing.
Kanon: Fufu... Sounds like Hello, Happy World! That's probably what Kokoro-chan is always referring to when she talks about smiles.
Kanon: I may not be able to contribute all that much, but I'd still like to continue trying to do my part.
Kanon: Especially now that I know even the smallest bit of happiness can grow into something much greater if everyone pitches in.
Kanon: Yeah, I really should share this story with Kokoro-chan and the rest of the band.
Kanon: There's no doubt in my mind that Kokoro-chan would come up with some really wonderful ideas of how to bring happiness to the rest of the world.
Kanon: Kaoru-san and Hagumi-chan would get all excited, Misaki-chan would figure out a general plan of action, and I'd do my best to try and help out where I can...
Kanon: Come to think of it, me helping out with the tournament kind of reminds me of what we do in Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: Neither of them are for my own sake. They're to help bring a smile to the face of someone out there.
Kanon: Sorry for taking up so much of your time like this.
Kanon: I would love it if you had time to help out my band with whatever activity we wind up doing next.
Kanon: I'm sure we'll be able to make another wonderful cycle of happiness... Fufu.
Kanon: Thank you very much for your time today. See you around.
