852_Kanon Matsubara_R4 That Day's Scenery

Gacha phrase: I will... never forget today.

<Hello Happy Cheer Squad!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Kokoro's Room]

Kokoro & Misaki & Hagumi & Kaoru: Street performance?
Kanon: Mhm. I thought it would be a nice challenge.
Kokoro: That takes me back! I still remember the one we did together!
Kaoru: Ah yes, I do recall you both holding such an event. And the result was?
Kokoro: We had an amazing time! So many smiles were made that day!
Misaki: Yeah, I guess you could call it an exciting affair.
Hagumi: You knew about that, Mii-kun?
Misaki: Did I not mention it before? I happened to be walking by while they were playing.
Misaki: Kokoro was basically the same as she has always been, but Kanon-san was about as bashful as could be.
Kanon: Uh-huh, I remember. But yeah, that's why I want to try doing it one more time.
Misaki: Huh? What do you mean?
Kanon: To be honest, I barely remember anything from that day. Which is a real shame, if you ask me.
Kanon: So, I want to see what I missed out on. You know, that crowd of smiling faces that Kokoro-chan mentioned earlier.
Kokoro: Ooo~! That is wonderful, Kanon!
Kokoro: Our next show after the preschool event will be a street performance, then!
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, let's make this show a big hit!
Kaoru: So the time has come for Kaoru Seta's roadside debut. Fufu, our act shall steal their hearts in fleeting fashion.
Kanon: Ah, there's something else I need to tell you. This time around, I want to do it on my own.
Hagumi: Huh? But why, Kano-chan-senpai?
Kanon: I know it would be a lot of fun to play with you all.
Kanon: But I think I would only be carried by your performances like I always am.
Misaki: Really? I don't think that's true at all...
Kanon: No. You guys are always there to help me along. And I feel like having you there would make the whole thing meaningless.
Kanon: A street performance is the kind of special show that helped me join our band in the first place...
Kanon: Which is why I want to see just how far I can go on my own.
Misaki: Kanon-san...
Kokoro: Hm, I don't really understand, but if you want to perform alone, then that is what you should do!
Misaki: Huh? Kokoro, are you sure?!
Kokoro: Kanon, be sure to make everyone smile!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan... Of course!
Hagumi: I'm with Kokoron on this one~! I can't wait to see what kind of show you put on~♪
Kaoru: Ah, Kanon, your resolve has a most fleeting beauty to it. Your declaration has resounded within my very soul.
Kaoru: I, Kaoru Seta, hereby pledge my unwavering support in tethering your desire to the physical realm.
Misaki: In that case, Kanon-san... I wish you luck.
Misaki: But if you need anything, don't hesitate to ask. You wouldn't be against a helping hand, right?
Kanon: Of course not. I'll be sure to let you know if anything comes up.
Misaki: I'll be waiting, then.
Kokoro: Let me help as well, Kanon! I know! What do you think of this idea?!
Kanon: Huh? What idea...?
Kokoro: I will have a stage created for you! An enormous one thiiis big!
Kanon: A st-stage?!
Misaki: Hold up, it wouldn't be a street performance if she was up on stage!
Kokoro: I suppose that is true. What can I do to help, then?
Kaoru: May I offer a proposal, Kokoro? I believe it to be ingenious.
Kokoro: What, Kaoru?! Do tell!
Kaoru: If a performing stage is unacceptable, then why not a stage from which the viewers may cheer?
Kaoru: That would result in a most fleeting ovation towards Kanon.
Kokoro: That's it, Kaoru! You have read my mind! I cannot believe we had the same idea!
Hagumi: You're a genius, Kaoru-kun! I'm all for it~!
Kaoru: Fufu, to elevate hearts to fleeting heights through audience seating... For that is Kaoru Seta.
Misaki: Totally out of the question! Do you want the audience to stand out more than the performers?!
Kokoro: Then we simply need to make Kanon's show even flashier than the audience!
Misaki: You're missing the point!
Kanon: Hahaha...


<Continuing Challenges>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Riverside]

Marina: This takes care of our shopping, yeah? Alright, let's head back to CiRCLE, then.
Kanon: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Marina: Kanon-chan! I heard the news~. Your street performance the other day was apparently a huge hit!
Marina: I wish I could've been there~. How do you feel about it?
Kanon: I was extremely nervous at first. And I didn't think I could attract anyone passing by.
Marina: Ah, that's understandable. It's not the same as a typical concert in a live house.
Kanon: But then, Kokoro-chan and the others came to cheer us on before the show, and all of my worries were washed away in no time.
Kanon: And everyone seemed to have a good time during the show too.
Marina: Oh, it was all worth it, then!
Kanon: Definitely! Seeing everyone's smiling faces up close helped put some power behind my sticks.
Marina: They're still raving about it, you know? Fufu. There's no doubt they all loved your performance.
Kanon: D-do you really think so? But yes, it was a lot of fun.
Kanon: And because I was able to challenge myself, I now hope to continue doing so into the future.
Marina: Oh, what sort of goal do you have in mind from here on out?
Kanon: I haven't thought of anything concrete yet, but for example...
Marina: For example?
Kanon: Whenever we do any band activities, I'm thinking I should voice my opinion more.
Marina: Fufu, I think that is an important trait to have.
Kanon: Thank you very much... Hm?
Kanon: A message from Kokoro-chan... Huh?! An emergency meeting?!
Marina: Oh. Hey, now's your chance!
Kanon: Fue~. But I don't think I'm ready yet~...
Marina: You'll be fine, Kanon-chan. You're the one who put on a hit street performance, remember?
Kanon: M-maybe you're right. I'm not sure how it'll go, but I'll try my best!
Marina: That's the spirit♪ Go get 'em!
Kanon: Okay! Until next time we meet at CiRCLE!
