926_Kanon Matsubara_R3 #8: Catcher

<The Jellyfish's Spell>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Batting Cages]

Hagumi: You can do it~! Kano-chan-senpai!
Misaki: You've got this~.
Kanon: O-okay... Yah!
Kanon: ... H-huh?
Hagumi: Ah, that was really close!
Kanon: Fuee, nothing but air again...
Misaki: Well, your eyes were completely shut when you swung...
Kanon: R-really? I was trying to keep my eye on the ball...
Hagumi: That swing looked pretty good though! It definitely would've been a nice one if you'd actually hit the ball!
Kanon: Hm... So what do I need to do to hit it?
Misaki: I can't really help you when it comes to batting advice... I'm having the exact same issue myself.
Kanon: So you're struggling with batting, too.
Misaki: Hey, Hagumi, do you have any tips or tricks to being a great batter that you could share with us?
Misaki: ... Well, I guess if stuff like that existed, then everyone would be a good softball player.
Hagumi: Sure I do!
Misaki: You do?!
Hagumi: Yeah! Daddy taught me a magic spell for batting! If you chant it, you'll have the timing for your swing down perfectly!
Hagumi: I'll show you guys. Just watch!
Hagumi: Here I go! Croquette, croquette...
Hagumi: ... Crunchy, crunch!
Misaki: W-wow! That was amazing!
Kanon: Yeah! Just a little more and you would have hit the scoreboard!
Hagumi: Ehehe, there you go. Just like that!
Kanon: That was so cool, Hagumi-chan! Thank you!
Misaki: So the spell is... "Croquette, croquette," right?
Hagumi: Yeah! It's the Croquette Spell! If you chant it, it'll make batting easier!
Hagumi: Before the pitch gets thrown, you say, "Croquette, croquette." Then when the ball heads towards you, you go, "Crunchy, crunch!" You just have to swing on the last "ch" sound!
Misaki: That seems surprisingly reasonable...
Kanon: Wow, do you think I could use it?
Misaki: I don't know... It seems like something pretty Hagumi-exclusive...
Hagumi: Of course you can use it! Spells are just magic words! Daddy said anyone can use them, no problem!
Hagumi: Plus the spell doesn't have to be about croquettes! You can pick whatever word you like!
Misaki: Awfully lenient with the wording, aren't you...?
Kanon: Whatever I like... Then how about jellyfish?
Hagumi: Yeah, that'll work! Jellyfish are cute and puffy!
Kanon: Thank goodness! Then I'm going to give it a try!
Misaki: Wait, but... is this really gonna work...?
Hagumi: Go, go, Kano-chan-senpai~!
Misaki: Make sure to keep your eyes on the ball this time~.
Kanon: Jellyfish, jellyfish...
Kanon: ... Puffy, puff!
Hagumi: Wow, a hit! You did it, Kano-chan-senpai! Congratulations!
Misaki: Sh-she really did it...
Kanon: Y-yeah! What an amazing spell! Thanks for teaching it to me, Hagumi-chan!
Hagumi: You're welcome! I bet now you'll be able to hit the ball, even without the spell!
Kanon: Ehehe, hopefully you're right. Okay, I'm gonna keep practicing a little bit more!
Misaki: M-maybe I'll give that spell a try, too...


<The Rhythm Section's Bond>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[CiRCLE Lobby]

Kanon: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Welcome, Kanon-chan. Hmm, your reservation today is... Wow, two hours all to yourself, huh?
Kanon: Yes. There's this part in our new song I still can't get quite right... so today, I want to keep practicing it until I'm satisfied.
Marina: Oh~, you're all fired up today!
Kanon: Fufufu... To tell you the truth, I had an opportunity to learn how important it is to overcome things you're not good at the other day.
Marina: Hm? What happened?
Kanon: Last weekend, Hello, Happy World! participated in a softball game.
Marina: Ah! That's what everyone's been talking about downtown lately!
Kanon: Fue~, r-really? Now I'm kind of embarrassed...
Marina: Oh, don't worry about it! They're all saying that you're such hard workers! So? What happened with the game?
Kanon: Ah, um... I ended up playing catcher.
Marina: Huh? You played catcher?
Marina: But Hagumi-chan was pitching, right? She seems like she could throw some really blazing fastballs...!
Kanon: Ahaha... I know, right? Plus, I'd never even played softball before, so I was really worried.
Kanon: At first, I couldn't even play catch... until Hagumi-chan told me something.
Kanon: The catcher and pitcher are a combination. That's why she asked me to play catcher, as a fellow member of the rhythm section.
Marina: I see. I suppose I can see how that combination's similar to a bassist and drummer.
Kanon: Everyone told me that it was something only I could do... That's why I decided to give it a shot!
Marina: Yeah, I'm sure those words were really encouraging!
Kanon: After that, Hagumi-chan and I practiced a lot. When the real game started and I caught Hagumi-chan's first pitch, I was so happy...!
Kanon: But as I kept catching her pitches, it began to feel kind of strange, as if something was off.
Marina: Huh? Why? You were catching her pitches, weren't you? Wasn't that good enough...?
Kanon: I can't really put it into words, but... It felt like it wasn't the same Hagumi-chan I usually see during our concerts.
Kanon: Her normal energy... That fun-loving spirit of hers felt a little weaker than usual.
Kanon: So I figured Hagumi-chan was holding back a little bit.
Marina: I see. That must have been your gut feeling as a fellow rhythm section player.
Kanon: Yes, I think that's what it was.
Kanon: Since this is Hagumi-chan we're talking about, I wondered if she was doing it for my sake...
Kanon: So I told her it was okay to throw as hard as she could. She did, and...
Kanon: When Hagumi-chan's full-power pitch slammed into my glove, the impact of the ball made my hand all tingly... It was really incredible.
Kanon: But even so, the fact that I somehow still managed to catch something so incredible made it feel like all my hard work was worth it.
Marina: I see. It sounds like it was a great experience for you!
Kanon: Yes. That's why I want to work hard today at practice, too!
