988_Kanon Matsubara_R4 Starry Sky Chat

Gacha phrase: I'll remember this forever as well.

<My Precious Pamphlet>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Park]

Kanon: Sorry for asking you to meet me today on such short notice, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: No worries, it's totally fine~. Today is my day off from club activities, anyway.
Misaki: Umm, you wanted to talk about the handbooks for training camp, right?
Kanon: Yes. I decided on the contents, so I was hoping you could take a look.
Kanon: I've organized it like this. What do you think?
Misaki: Let's see here... Wow, it's really nicely laid out.
Misaki: A map, a list of items to pack, and space to write a daily journal and goals... Ah, there's even a curry recipe.
Misaki: Kanon-san, this must have taken you ages.
Kanon: No, not at all. I've made a handbook before with Aya-chan when we went sakura-viewing, so I had a general idea of what they look like.
Kanon: The more I worked on it, the more fun it became... Ehehe...
Misaki: Ah, I know the feeling. When that happens, it's hard to stop...
Kanon: Exactly. Nevertheless, if you have issues, please tell me and I'll fix it.
Misaki: Got it. Well... I think the daily schedule should be more flexible.
Misaki: Kokoro and the others aren't exactly good at keeping appointments.
Kanon: Ahaha... Come to think of it, rarely has anything ever gone as planned...
Misaki: Also... This list of items to bring could be adjusted. It's a bit... how should I say this...? It's too much.
Kanon: I thought you'd say that, Misaki-chan. My mother and father are worrywarts, you see... When I asked them for advice, this is what happened~.
Misaki: That reminds me, you brought a whole suitcase that one night we stayed over at Kaoru-san's place.
Misaki: I understand the need for an emergency kit and snacks, but we really don't need sleeping bags~. There are futons at my grandma's place.
Kanon: Ahaha... I thought so.
Misaki: In any case, let's narrow it down together later. I'll help you.
Kanon: Thank you, Misaki-chan. I'm not very good at this kind of thing, so I really appreciate it.
Misaki: It's nothing. If anything, I'm thankful you already did this much. Now, that leaves... Hm?
Misaki: Kanon-san, on the final page of this handbook...
Misaki: You've drawn four boxes, but what are they?
Kanon: Oh, that. It's a space to write messages for each other.
Kanon: At the end of training camp, I thought it would be nice if we wrote about our thoughts and any special memories we made in each other's handbooks.
Misaki: I see, so that's why there are four squares instead of five.
Misaki: Well, I think it's a cool idea. It's very you.
Kanon: Ehehe, thanks.
Kanon: The handbook is no longer of use after the event ends, right? That's why I thought it would be good to turn it into a memento.
Kanon: In the future, when you look back and read everyone's messages, you can remember the times we shared.
Misaki: Oh, I think I know what you mean.
Misaki: Even if it looks like an ordinary handbook to others, to you... it's a special memory.
Misaki: Remember that time I got into an argument with my parents because they donated my music composition book without my permission?
Kanon: Yes. We all searched for it together in the library storage room.
Misaki: At that moment, I realized that even though it may be just a regular book to others, it was something that contained many valuable memories to me.
Kanon: I'm glad we got your beloved book back.
Misaki: Me too. I mean, the book itself was important, but also the notes I'd stuck inside...
Kanon: Hm? What were you saying, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Oh, nothing! I was just talking to myself!
Misaki: Anyway, I hope this handbook fills up with our memories of training camp.
Kanon: Yes, I'm sure it will. I'd also be glad if one day, it becomes a source of support for Hello, Happy World!, just like your book is for you.
Misaki: Well, we'll probably make memories so intense that they won't fit into these boxes.
Kanon: Fufu. We haven't even left yet and the others are already in a frenzy, aren't they? Admittedly, making this handbook has made me more excited too.
Misaki: I'm... half excited, half worried~.
Kanon: L-let me know what needs to be done, and I'll help!
Misaki: Thank you very much, Kanon-san. Well then, how about we start by cutting down this list of items to bring?
Kanon: Fue... I forgot about that...
Misaki: Alright, we're going to cross out as much as possible! I don't want to be chasing Kokoro and the others around while hauling loads of luggage.


<A Summer's Treasure>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kanon: Fufu, that was fun...
Marina: Oh, is that Kanon-chan sitting down over there? I wonder what she's reading.
Marina: Hey, Kanon-chan~.
Kanon: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. It's nice to see you.
Marina: Hello. What are you reading out here?
Kanon: Ah, I was reading this.
Marina: What is it...? "Hello, Happy World! Training Camp Handbook"?
Marina: Oh, that's right, I heard from Misaki-chan the other day that you went to training camp.
Kanon: Yes, we did. I was reliving those memories by looking through this book.
Marina: That's one professional-looking handbook! May I look inside?
Kanon: Of course. You see, I actually made this with help from Misaki-chan.
Kanon: I wanted to be able to put all our memories of training camp inside this book, so I put a lot of thought into the design.
Marina: A page of dos and don'ts, a daily schedule, a curry recipe, a journal and goals page... Fufu, yes, there certainly is a considerable amount of content.
Marina: Ah, the last page is filled with messages from the others.
Kanon: Yes. The Hello, Happy World! members wrote them for me. I thought it would be nice to exchange a few words at the end of training camp.
Kanon: That's why on the last day, we all swapped books and jotted our thoughts down.
Kanon: The others came up with so many things to write for me. Kokoro-chan wrote all the way outside the lines, and Hagumi-chan said she had so much to say that she had trouble deciding.
Marina: This is a wonderful idea. You can keep a physical copy of their words forever.
Marina: Let's see here~. What kind of things did everyone say?
Marina: We got through this training camp safe and sound thanks to you, Kanon-san. "Your dexterity in the art of making curry was exemplary." Fufu, this must be Misaki-chan and Kaoru-san.
Marina: Hagumi-chan wrote... "Kano-chan-senpai, congratulations on discovering the fried shrimp!" ... Fried shrimp?
Kanon: When pine cones are eaten by squirrels, they turn into a shape that resembles fried shrimp. Misaki-chan taught us about it.
Marina: Really? Misaki-chan is a walking encyclopedia~. Good job finding it, Kanon-chan!
Kanon: Ehehe... Thanks, I was pleased.
Marina: This one's from Kokoro-chan. "Your smile when we picked those yummy-looking vegetables was the best, Kanon!" Vegetable harvesting, huh~? I can picture you guys enjoying yourselves.
Kanon: It's a little embarrassing hearing these messages again...
Kanon: Nevertheless, in the future, when I look back at this handbook, I'll remember the good times we had at training camp.
Kanon: This handbook, which brings my precious memories to life over and over again, is my treasure.
