1147_Kanon Matsubara_R3 Skilled at Show Prep

Gacha phrase: Hello, Happy World! has been all over the place doing all sorts of stuff, right?

<Mapping Our Smiling World>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Kanon: Everyone, the park owner got us all some juice. He said that we did great today and that our show was wonderful.
Kokoro: My! I was just thinking about how I was a little thirsty! Let's all tell him thank you later!
Misaki: Yeah... But first, I need a break... Ah~, this bottle feels so cold... I feel like I'm being brought back to life...
Kaoru: Like a rainstorm blessing the parched earth with its grace. What other words are there with which I can describe this, other than supreme bliss...?!
Hagumi: Yay~! I wanna drink, too!
Misaki: Seriously though, when you said you wanted to do something here after our show, I wasn't expecting us to do a talent show for everyone...
Kanon: Ahaha... Still, Kokoro-chan's skills were one thing, but you're getting pretty good too, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Yeah, I managed to juggle five balls at once, even inside Michelle... What am I doing with my life, honestly...?
Kaoru: Well then. Post-intermission, I was thinking of performing a show... How does some improv theatre sound to everyone?
Hagumi: I'm in! And after that, I want to have a softball tournament!
Kokoro: Those are fantastic ideas, you two! I'm sure they'll bring lots of smiles to our guests!
Misaki: Sigh... You're all still full of energy, huh...? No one would ever guess that we just finished a concert...
Kanon: Ahaha... But it was a good show, wasn't it? We managed to entertain so many people.
Misaki: True... It was so packed, you'd never believe that this place used to be almost deserted.
Kanon: Yeah. It was featured in a magazine before, too. This place has really become popular.
Kaoru: And all of the park attendees have positively glowing smiles on their faces now compared to the days of old.
Kokoro: Yes! No matter where you look now, it's become a park full of smiles!
Hagumi: When I saw all the kids having fun riding the horses on the merry-go-round, it put a big smile on my face too!
Kaoru: Fufu. It is a merry-go-round of fleetingness, after all. I'd expect nothing less from it.
Misaki: It's really something to actually see that we're making even a little bit of a difference here.
Kanon: Fufu, I know what you mean.
Kanon: When I was making the Hello, Happy World! Smile Map, it reminded me of all the things we've done so far.
Kanon: Like the Fluffy Mascot Competition, or when we all helped Hagumi-chan with her softball practice...
Misaki: We even helped an entire country celebrate their festival, too.
Kanon: Fufu, we've been through a lot, but no matter what, when I see everyone's smiles in the end...
Kanon: It makes me glad that Hello, Happy World! exists.
Misaki: I will admit, looking at this map, our strange adventures did make for some fun memories.
Hagumi: I think so, too! Doing our best to bring smiles to everyone ends up making us smile, too!
Hagumi: That's why I want Hello, Happy World! to keep on helping everyone smile!
Kaoru: Fufu, truer words have never been spoken. And there is no doubt in my mind that there are still countless kittens out there waiting for us.
Kokoro: Our job isn't changing anytime soon. Hello, Happy World! is going to keep going until we bring smiles to the entire world!
Misaki: The entire world, huh...? Considering what happened with the Kingdom of Happinelle, that's beginning to sound less and less unrealistic.
Kanon: Fufu, the next Smile Map I make might actually end up being a world map.
Misaki: What's scary is that's actually believable...
Kokoro: Mmm! Looking at Kanon's map has got me feeling all bubbly inside!
Kokoro: Let's go, everyone! Follow me!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Yeah!!
Misaki: Huh? Wh-, hey, you three! Where are you going...?!
Misaki: Ahhh, and they're already gone... Looks like Kokoro's extra motivated today... Hm? Wait, no, she's always like that.
Kanon: Fufu, let's follow them, Misaki-chan! They'll leave us behind at this rate.
Misaki: ... Wait, what? Kanon-san, you seem extra motivated today...
Misaki: Hmmm... Well, whatever. I guess I can follow along for today. Let's go, Kanon-san.
Kanon: Okay! Kokoro-chan, wait for us~!


<Path of Smiles>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Residential Area]

Kanon: Fue... Has this street always been here...? What should I do?
Marina: Hm? Hello, Kanon-chan. What's up?
Kanon: Ah, Marina-san. Oh, and {{userName}}-san, too. Hello... Um, I'm lost...
Marina: If you just keep going straight down this street, you'll end up near CiRCLE. We're on our way back there right now actually. Want to come with us?
Kanon: R-really? Yes, please. Thank you very much.
Marina: Oh! That's right, I heard that Hello, Happy World! held an exhibition at Hanasakigawa Smile Land, right~?
Marina: Lots of people coming to CiRCLE have been talking about it, you know. They especially seemed to like the statues!
Kanon: Wow, they all went to see it, huh? I knew those statues would really stand out...
Kanon: We all brought things to show at the exhibition, and so the statues were what Kokoro-chan brought.
Marina: Fufu, I had a hunch that was the case. Everything Kokoro-chan does is always large-scale.
Kanon: Yeah. Still, just like everyone else, she chose those statues because she wanted our exhibition to make everyone smile.
Kanon: And because of that, the exhibition turned out very fitting for Hello, Happy World! It was packed full of individuality.
Marina: Well, you all did work together to make it, after all. I'm sure the guests must have all loved it. What did you bring, by the way?
Kanon: I drew a map that had everything we've done so far as Hello, Happy World! written on it.
Kanon: We've done all sorts of different things, so I thought it would be nice to show that to the guests who might not know.
Marina: True, Hello, Happy World! does way more than just play music. I'm sure it must have been a really interesting corner to visit.
Kanon: Yeah. I think the guests looked like they were having fun looking at everything, too.
Kanon: But there was actually one more reason why I made a map...
Kanon: I thought it might be nice to take a moment to look back on everything we've been through together.
Kanon: Kokoro-chan is always running forward and never looking back, but... I was thinking, it might be nice for us to take a little break and think about all the smiles we've created up until now.
Marina: I see. Hello, Happy World! does always seem to be constantly challenging itself with new things. It might not be bad to have some peaceful moments of reflection, too.
Kanon: Yeah. Plus, we weren't the only ones looking back on our pasts, either.
Kanon: At first, the whole plan was to introduce ourselves to new people who didn't know us, but since there were also people coming that had already seen what we've been up to...
Kanon: I got to talk with people about their experiences with Hello, Happy World! as we looked at the map together... That was a lot of fun.
Marina: Gosh, that sounds really great. Maybe I'll have to stop by sometime.
Kanon: Oh, please do! I'm sure everyone would love to see you.
Marina: Got it. I'll drop by for a visit on my next day off. By the way, Kanon-chan... You mentioned you were lost, right? Where were you headed?
Kanon: Hello, Happy World! is supposed to be meeting at a park today, but Kokoro-chan just told us that we were having a meeting and not what we're going to be doing...
Marina: Oh... That's a little scary.
Kanon: Yeah... But at the same time, I've also begun to feel excited to see what she's come up with...
Marina: Fufu, look at you, Kanon-chan. You definitely are a member of Hello, Happy World!.
Kanon: Ehehe... Huh? Oh, someone sent me a message... Misaki-chan?
Kanon: Um... "Kanon-san, come quick! Help!" ...?
Kanon: O-oh no! I've got to hurry...! The park is this way, right? I need to go...! Thank you very much...!
Marina: K-Kanon-chan?! The park's not over there! You've got to turn at the second corner from here...! W-wait~!
