1186_Kanon Matsubara_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: O-okay... How's this?

<Lots of Loves>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Happy Birthday, Kanon~!
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, we got something special for you that'll make you smile so much!
Kaoru: Our precious birthday girl deserves a special gift from us. Here, for you.
Kanon: Wow, thank you! Are these gummies and marshmallows? It's so cute and colorful~!
Misaki: It's apparently called a candy kabob. Take a closer look at each of the candies.
Kanon: Hmm...? Ah, it's Michelle! And the smiley symbol, jellyfish... and even Pen-chan!
Hagumi: We tried including as many of the things you like as we could~!
Kokoro: Having all your favorites instead of having to choose just one makes you happier, doesn't it?
Kanon: Yes...! So much so that I'm not sure I'm going to be able to bring myself to eat it.
Kaoru: That is indeed quite the conundrum... To eat, or not to eat, that is the question.
Misaki: Why don't we just take a picture so that you don't have to worry about it?
Hagumi: You're so smart, Mii-kun~! Kano-chan-senpai, let's take a picture~!
Kanon: O-okay... How's this?
Kokoro: You look lovely! Just seeing you smile makes us happy!
Misaki: Yeah, I'd say so. Ready, Kanon-san? Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<A Smile for a Smile>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara)

[Shopping Mall]

Kanon: Finally. The floor map... Let's see, since I'm here now, the snack section should be...
Himari: Ah, Kanon-san! Hello~.
Kanon: Hi, Himari-chan. Are you shopping too?
Himari: Yes, I heard there are some new chocolates, so I just had to come and buy them! What about you?
Kanon: I came to get some return gifts since my band celebrated my birthday recently. What they did made me so happy.
Kanon: Oh, wait. Do you think it's weird to give something in return for a birthday present...?
Himari: Not at all! It's very like you, and I'm sure everyone's going to appreciate it!
Himari: By the way, what kind of celebrating did they do?
Kanon: Um, we had cake and played games, and they planned all sorts of things that they thought would make me happy.
Kanon: We're usually the ones putting smiles on other people's faces, but I got to be on the other side.
Himari: Fufu, nice! That sounds like something they would do!
Kanon: Yes! Oh, and look at this picture.
Himari: Wow, a candy kabob! That's so cute!
Kanon: Right? They tried to include all my favorites, like jellyfish and Pen-chan.
Kanon: It's still on display because I can't bring myself to eat it yet.
Himari: I don't blame you. I don't think I'd be able to eat something so cute either~!
Kanon: And it's such a wonderful gift that I'm not sure I'll be able to decide what snacks to get in return...
Himari: I see~. Hey, doesn't this remind you of Valentine's Day a little?
Kanon: Do you mean that time we were trying to find the perfect chocolates for our friends?
Himari: Yeah! You were the one who helped me realize it's not about choosing the right chocolates, it's about considering the person receiving your gift.
Himari: So I think no matter what you get for them, they're going to appreciate all the time you've spent!
Kanon: Ah... You're right! I'm so glad I ran into you.
Kanon: Oh, do you think you could help me pick what to give them?
Himari: Gladly! Let's pick the perfect snacks to make them smile!
Kanon: Yes! Thank you, Himari-chan!
