1201_Kanon Matsubara_R3 Eggciting New Member

<Teach Me, Kano-chan-sensei>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Library]

Kanon: Umm~, where is the paperback book corner...?
Rimi: Ah, Kanon-senpai... Hello.
Kanon: Hello, Rimi-chan. Did you come to borrow something too?
Rimi: Yes, I wanted a couple novels...
Kanon: Wow, I see. I was thinking of borrowing a novel too. The one I want is the original work for a drama that Chisato-chan will be acting in...
Rimi: Ah...! That's the one that was featured in a magazine, right? I've read that.
Rimi: It was super interesting~.
Kanon: Wow, I see. I can't wait to read it~.
Hagumi: Hm... Mumble...
Kanon: Hm...? Hagumi-chan?
Rimi: Ah, she's sleeping... It seems like she's been coming to study dinosaurs a lot lately.
Rimi: She's been really motivated, saying that she's going to take care of a dinosaur...
Kanon: I see... So that's what she was doing.
Rimi: U-um... I heard the story about the egg from Arisa-chan...
Rimi: It's not a real dinosaur egg, right?
Kanon: R-right... Actually, it's just a kitchen timer.
Kanon: But I'd appreciate it if you didn't tell her that it's not real just yet.
Rimi: Huh? ... Why is that?
Kanon: We have to tell her the truth eventually, but Hagumi-chan really believes that the egg is real. She's been taking such good care of it, so...
Kanon: If we don't choose the right time, I think it will shock her and make her sad.
Rimi: You have a point. If it's too sudden, it could end badly...
Kanon: I've been talking with Misaki-chan about when to tell her, but we're still not sure yet.
Rimi: Got it... I'll keep it a secret from Hagumi-chan.
Kanon: Thank you, Rimi-chan.
Rimi: ... Kanon-senpai, you're kind of like a school teacher.
Kanon: Fue~, I am...?!
Rimi: Ah, I'm sorry for saying something weird...!
Kanon: I-it's okay. But could you tell me why you thought that...?
Rimi: The thing is, when I was little, I believed that the candy house from a fairy tale was real.
Rimi: All the other students told me there's no such thing, but my homeroom teacher was the only one who took me seriously...
Kanon: I see... What a great teacher.
Rimi: Yes. Thinking about it now, that teacher might've had the same idea as you...
Hagumi: Mumble... Mm~... Huh? Kano-chan-senpai...?
Kanon: Fufu, good morning.
Rimi: Good morning, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Rimi-rin... Oh, I must've drifted off to sleep~...
Kanon: I heard from Rimi-chan that you were reading about dinosaurs.
Hagumi: Yeah. I was studying for when the egg hatches.
Hagumi: But reading field guides is harder than I thought... There are parts that I don't understand no matter how much I read them.
Rimi: So that's why you got sleepy.
Hagumi: Yeah~...
Kanon: Umm... What parts did you not understand? Let's try reading it together.
Hagumi: Huh? Are you sure?!
Kanon: Sure. I want to know more about dinosaurs too.
Hagumi: Wow, thank you!
Hagumi: Okay. Well first... Um, I thought this dinosaur might be a triceratops, but the book said it's a different species.
Hagumi: It says what's different about it, but there are so many hard words, I don't understand it at all.
Kanon: I'll try giving it a read too... Let's see. On the rim of its frill... there is a... hornlet...?
Kanon: Wh-why don't we look up what a hornlet is first? Umm~, where is the table of contents...?
Rimi: ... Fufu. Kanon-senpai, you really are like a teacher.


<Confusing Timing>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Residential Area]

Kanon: Sigh~...
Marina: Kanon-chan, hello.
Kanon: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: I'm sorry. You seem kind of down, so I couldn't help but call out to you. Are you okay?
Kanon: Th-thank you very much...! Umm, there was something at school...
Marina: Okay. Did something happen?
Kanon: It wasn't anything major, but...
Kanon: Previously, when Hello, Happy World! had a concert, one of the girls from school came to see us.
Kanon: So today I asked her what she thought of it, and... she got one of our song names wrong.
Marina: Ah~... It's hard to correct someone on that, huh?
Kanon: At first, I thought I misheard her, so I just kept listening.
Kanon: But she kept saying the name wrong, so I figured she remembered it incorrectly...
Kanon: There were other students around, so I might've embarrassed her. I just couldn't bring myself to say anything...
Marina: I get what you mean~. When you're being considerate of others, that actually makes it hard to point things out.
Kanon: Right... And while I was thinking about when I should correct her, the topic changed to something else.
Kanon: Even if I corrected her after that, it'd just be awkward... and then the bell rang.
Marina: I see~... But I think you'll have another chance to correct her.
Kanon: I certainly hope so...
Kanon: Actually, something similar happened with our band previously. It really made me realize that figuring out how to say something and when to say it is really hard...
Marina: Mhm, it really is troubling.
Marina: But that's probably just proof that you are doing your best to be considerate of who you're talking to.
Kanon: D-do you think so?
Marina: I do. I think it's wonderful that you can worry about not wanting to hurt someone.
Marina: I'm sure even the other girls in Hello, Happy World! understand your kindness.
Kanon: I would be so happy if they do...!
Kanon: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, thank you both very much. I'm a bit relieved or rather... You've cheered me up.
Marina: Fufu, we just said what we were actually thinking. But you're welcome!
Marina: Well then, we should be getting back to CiRCLE. We'll always be waiting for your band to come by.
Kanon: Okay, thank you very much. We'll be sure to visit again soon!
