1302_Kanon Matsubara_R4 Bright Light Road

Gacha phrase: I'm on my way, everyone...!

<The Fun World of Tomorrow>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Big Top - Offstage]

Hagumi: Wow...! Hey, did you see that?! The flying trapeze is so cool!
Michelle (Misaki): Whoa, now they let go of the trapeze and span twice in the air... It's like they're superhuman.
Kaoru: The audience's fervor has reached its zenith. We are on the final stretch toward the climax.
Hagumi: Uh-huh! It's the big finale! Wait, what's the difference between a climax and a finale?
Michelle (Misaki): Err, well, you see... Hm? Finale? Climax?
Michelle (Misaki): Shoot! Guys, you need to get ready! We're getting back on stage again after this!
Hagumi: Ah, I forgot! At the end, we've gotta stand on stage and bow, don't we?!
Kaoru: It's known as a curtain call. We were so engrossed in the fleeting flying trapeze that it almost slipped our minds...
Michelle (Misaki): That means you too, Kokoro-chan and Kanon-san... Huh? Guys? Where'd you go?!
Michelle (Misaki): Jeez, it's nearly the curtain call... Where the heck are those two...?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Big Top - Audience Seats]

Kanon: ...
Kokoro: Oh? Kanon, what's the matter?
Kanon: Ah...! S-sorry, Kokoro-chan. I was daydreaming.
Kokoro: There's no need to apologize. It's an amazing circus. It's no wonder you're spellbound.
Kanon: Well, that's part of it, but... I was thinking back on the work we put into this circus.
Kanon: We ran into the ringmaster downtown, ended up agreeing to help out, and then all sorts of things happened...
Kanon: We faced many difficulties but somehow overcame them... And now the show is drawing to a successful close... It's all going to end...
Kanon: And I... feel a tug at my heartstrings.
Kokoro: Is that so? Maybe your chest feels tight because you're having fun.
Kanon: Yes... The circus is fun, but it's not just that...
Kanon: ... No. It's because the circus is fun... that I feel sad.
Kanon: It's as though a lifelong friend is leaving me... That's sort of how it feels.
Kanon: Ehehe, sorry for saying something so bizarre. It doesn't really make sense, does it?
Kokoro: Why would you say that? Your train of thought isn't odd at all.
Kanon: Huh...?
Kokoro: After all, you worked super-duper hard preparing for this circus.
Kokoro: We did a lot of preparations together, went through a gazillion good times and tough times, and...
Kokoro: Everything you worked towards is now here in front of you, Kanon.
Kanon: Everything I worked toward...
Kokoro: If you think of all that work as a very special friendship, It's only natural to feel a pang in your chest knowing it'll all be gone tomorrow.
Kanon: ... Yes. It was fun, difficult, and important to me. That's why I'm sad they're going to leave.
Kanon: Fufu. Perhaps you're right, and it's natural to feel this way.
Kokoro: Yeah! So let's send them off with a smile as a thank-you for entertaining us!
Kokoro: And then we can welcome a new day, where new fun stuff will surely be waiting for us!
Kokoro: There's a mountain of fun stuff in the world to experience!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan...
Kanon: Yes, you're right... I want to go find new fun experiences with you all.
Kanon: Besides, I can't spend the rest of the evening being sad. I should enjoy the circus with my whole being.
Kokoro: Yep! After all, we gave everything we had preparing for this show!
Kokoro: It would be a waste not to have fun until the end!
Kanon: ... Yes, I agree.
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, there you are...! Hey, Kokoro! Kanon-san! The curtain call will start any minute now, so get ready!
Kokoro: Got it! Let's go, Kanon!
Kanon: Okay...! Well then...
Kanon: Let's have fun until the end!
Kokoro: Yeah!
Michelle (Misaki): What?! Wh-what's gotten into you guys?
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai and Kokoron are really pumped up! Yeah!
Kaoru: Goodness, I shan't be left behind. Yeah!
Michelle (Misaki): I don't really get what's going on... H-however, I agree we should enjoy ourselves. Yeah~.
Kanon: ...! Let's have fun until the very end, everyone...!


<Praising Myself Today>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Downtown]

Marina: Ah, it's you, Kanon-chan. Hello.
Kanon: Hello, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Are you two... out shopping?
Marina: Yep. Just here buying some supplies for CiRCLE.
Marina: By the way, the Halloween event the other day was fantastic. Hello, Happy World!'s opening act was absolutely wonderful.
Kanon: Wow, I didn't know you came to see us as well.
Marina: Well, it's not every day the circus comes to town. We happened to have that day off, so we watched the entire show.
Marina: Every act was great, but Hello, Happy World!'s opening act was really something! Not only was your performance and stage effect's great, but your costumes were cute. Perfect for the circus.
Kanon: Really? Misaki-chan and I actually made those costumes ourselves.
Marina: Yes, Misaki-chan told me about it. She said you worked incredibly hard. Good job, Kanon-chan.
Kanon: Thank you very much...! I was able to do my best thanks to everyone.
Kanon: We all played a big part behind the scenes by setting up the event and promoting it...
Kanon: ... That being said, I was busy making outfit adjustments, so I didn't get to see the others' promotional activities. Ehehe.
Kanon: Nevertheless, we got on with our respective tasks separately, and they had faith that I'd finish the costumes in time...
Kanon: Knowing that gave me more strength than usual. Everyone believed in me, so I had to be confident in myself.
Kanon: If I just stood there and said I couldn't do it, I would've betrayed everyone who trusted me.
Marina: I see...! So that's what gave you the energy to see it through, Kanon-chan.
Kanon: Ehehe... Yes, I saw it through to the very end!
Kanon: ... From now on, I'm going to give myself more credit than I ever did before.
Kanon: After all, my amazing Hello, Happy World! bandmates told me I was amazing too...
Kanon: So it must be true. I think believing in myself is the best way to give back to everyone.
Marina: Absolutely! You really are amazing, Kanon-chan.
Kanon: Ehehe, thank you. As a member of Hello, Happy World!, I want to try even more harder going forward.
Marina: Great! We're rooting for you.
Kanon: Ehehe... Thank you very much.
Kanon: Though I still make mistakes from time to time... I'm the one who messed up the costume sizes for the event and got us into a pickle.
Marina: Those kinds of things happen to the best of us. Still, you didn't give up, right?
Marina: That means you've accomplished something to be proud of.
Kanon: ... Yes!
Marina: I enjoyed listening to your story. We'd better head off now.
Kanon: ... Ah. Um, there's something I'd like to ask you both...
Marina: Sure, what is it?
Kanon: The thing is, well... I was trying to go for a walk through the forest where the circus took place. However...
Kanon: I've lost my way and can't find it...
Marina: Ahaha... Okay then, let's go together. We're all done here, anyway.
Kanon: M-my apologies... Thank you very much.
