1396_Kanon Matsubara_R2 Secret Eyes

<A New Accomplice>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Castle Vollmond - Hallway]

Kanon: ...
Misaki: Sigh. Now that the pain-in-the-neck phantom thief hunt's over, how about we head home?
Kanon: Stare...
Misaki: Um... Kanon-san? Is there something wrong with my face?
Kanon: ... Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Yeah?
Kanon: I have a question for you that might sound a bit weird.
Misaki: A-alright...
Kanon: ... Are you the phantom thief that showed up earlier?
Misaki: Earlier...? Ah~... Um... Yeah, that was me.
Kanon: ...
Kanon: ... Thank goodness~.
Misaki: Thank goodness? I-I don't really get why you look so relaxed now.
Kanon: I just feel so relieved. I've been thinking about it this whole time...
Kanon: When I found the message, I had a feeling Kaoru-san would do something... But I never expected you to be working with her.
Kanon: So I've been trying to figure out who the other Happy Thief was.
Misaki: Oh. Well, I feel sorta relieved, too, I guess.
Misaki: You were acting kinda funny, so I was worried about what you'd have to say.
Misaki: You know, like get mad at me for not telling you I was helping Kaoru-san...
Kanon: O-of course not! But I thought... maybe, just a little bit of course, that a real phantom thief had appeared...
Misaki: A real phantom thief...? You sound like Kokoro.
Kanon: Fufu, I do, don't I? I mean, I know the Happy Thief isn't real.
Kanon: But seeing how earnest Kokoro and Hagumi are all the time makes me think just maybe.
Misaki: ... I kinda get what you mean. They always go beyond all-out.
Misaki: And no matter how unlikely something is, they never dismiss it. If anything, they'll even turn the impossible into the possible.
Misaki: It's like what you know to be common sense doesn't matter when it comes to them. They really are a handful.
Kanon: ... Yes, you're very right. They're both so wonderful, aren't they?
Misaki: Ah, I know this is a bit late, but I'm sorry for keeping you in the dark. I didn't think it'd make you worry.
Kanon: What? You don't need to apologize! I actually want to thank you.
Misaki: Thank me?
Kanon: When we were on the KT Smile... I ended up being abducted. But this time, I got to face the Happy Thief with everybody. It was a lot of fun, so thank you.
Misaki: Oh, I see. You should be thanking Kaoru-san then, not me. She's the one who put in the most work.
Kanon: I'll be sure to thank her, of course. Oh, and one more thing...
Misaki: ...? Hm?
Kanon: You looked pretty good in your phantom thief getup.
Misaki: Er~... I'll try not to feel embarrassed and just accept that compliment. So, uh, thank you very much.
Kanon: Fufu. There really is no need to feel embarrassed. You were quite the dashing phantom thief.
Misaki: I appreciate it... but all this incident has done is show me I really am a behind-the-scenes kinda girl. You know, like from inside the comfort of a mascot suit.
Kanon: Fufu, I see. By the way, I actually think I might want to try being a phantom thief with you two next time.
Misaki: Uh~, do you seriously mean that? Because speaking from experience, it's a lot of work.
Kanon: I-it is, huh...?
Misaki: ... But doing it with you sounds like it could be fun. So, let's do our best when the time comes, my fellow partner in crime.
Kanon: Fufu. Yes, next time, I'm going to be an accomplice too♪


<Magic Show!>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Park]

Kanon: Now I have to hide the ball here and... Ah! Wh-where did it go...?
Marina: Here you go, Kanon-chan.
Kanon: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Thank you for picking up my ball.
Marina: You're welcome. What are you doing here anyway?
Kanon: Um... I'm practicing some magic tricks.
Marina: Magic tricks? Why magic tricks?
Kanon: Just the other day, the Happy Thief sent us a challenge. We were pretending to be detectives trying to catch her, so we went to this castle.
Marina: Ah, you must be talking about the thing Kaoru-san and Misaki-chan prepared. I heard about it from Kaoru-san.
Kanon: Oh, I see. They were so incredible.
Kanon: I had a hunch Kaoru-san was the Happy Thief... but then another Happy Thief showed up, and there were all kinds of other tricks that made it a lot of fun for us.
Kanon: The Happy Thief was just as awesome as the first time we met on the cruise ship... That's why I want to be a phantom thief and work with her the next time.
Marina: Really? You want to become a phantom thief too?
Kanon: Yes. Kokoro-chan and Hagumi-chan are just so eager to become one... But my biggest reason is that Kaoru-san and Misaki-chan made it look so fun.
Marina: I see... So that's where the magic tricks come in?
Kanon: Exactly. And I've been researching phantom thieves by watching things like movies, and all of them seem to be good at magic...
Kanon: I just thought if I practice and become good at it, I'll be able to help the Happy Thief.
Marina: So that's why. Hey, how do you feel about showing us what you've been practicing?
Kanon: Y-you want to see my magic...?! Um, I'm still practicing, so I don't know how well it'll go... but I can try...!
Kanon: Uh, so this is the part where I do this like that and... One, two, three... The ball has now disappeared!
Marina: ...! Wow...! The ball really is... Uh, by your feet... The ball, Kanon-chan...
Kanon: ...! Fue~... I failed. I guess I still need to practice a lot more...
Marina: Don't worry. You almost did it perfectly. I'm sure it's only a matter of time before you're pulling off some amazing tricks just like a phantom thief.
Kanon: Thank you very much! I'll make sure I can do it right next time.
