1404_Kanon Matsubara_R5 Blue-Tinted Stroll

<Blue-Tinted Stroll>

Anime story


<Conspirators’ Hot Chocolate>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Kanon: I have to say, that place had such cute little odds and ends... They even had a cup with this drawing on the side of a penguin lying down...
Chisato: You've been talking about that this whole time, you know?
Kanon: R-really, I have...?
Chisato: Yes. Since leaving the café and while we were on the train that brought us here, in fact.
Kanon: Fue... I'm sorry... It's just that I've been wanting to go to that café so much that I guess I wasn't able to contain my joy.
Chisato: Fufu. By the way, I do appreciate the fact that you invited me since the last time I got to relax was a while ago.
Kanon: Ah, great. I was actually a bit worried because it was a little ways away by train...
Kanon: So thank you too for the company. I was really able to enjoy our little trip because you were with me.
Chisato: You're welcome. Now that we're done thanking each other, though, how about we continue this conversation while heading home?
Kanon: R-right... Hm?
Kanon: I wonder what's going on... Over there, by the river. It's so sparkly...
Chisato: I believe... that's some sort of light display.
Kanon: Looks like you're right... It's very pretty...
Chisato: ... You want to go see it, don't you?
Kanon: Um, how could you tell...?
Chisato: Because it's written all over your face.
Kanon: O-oh... How embarrassing...
Kanon: Well... do you maybe think we can for a bit...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Riverside]

Kanon: Wow. This is incredible, don't you think...?
Kanon: I feel like I've stumbled across a path I've never seen, even though I walk along here all the time...!
Chisato: Yes. I had no idea an event like this was taking place so close by.
Kanon: Me neither. But... Fufu. It does feel a bit chilly to walk around at night like this. The air is dry and stings a little.
Chisato: It already is winter, after all.
Kanon: ... Ah, look. Over there. A food stall.
Chisato: Oh... That's quite a crowd they have.
Kanon: I wonder what they're selling... Ah, it says hot chocolate! Let's go!
Chisato: What? Um, Kanon?
(Black cut)
Kanon: Here's yours.
Chisato: Wh-why... thank you.
Kanon: Ah, that bench is free. Let's drink over there.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: ... Wow. It still looks so amazing even when you're sitting.
Chisato: ... It is quite beautiful.
Kanon: Mm-hmm. I'm glad we came...
Kanon: Such a nice, sweet smell... Ahh!
Chisato: And that's why you're supposed to drink slowly...
Kanon: Ehehe... Blow... Blow...
Kanon: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: ... Aren't you going to drink?
Kanon: Ah, sorry... I was just thinking about how it really does look like clouds.
Chisato: Clouds...? Are you talking about the steam?
Kanon: Yes. When I was little, I used to wonder what this white fluffy stuff was. It was such a mystery to me.
Kanon: Even though they look just like clouds, they always disappear so quickly, and that would make me feel sad.
Chisato: ... Fufufu. Looks like you're still the same you.
Kanon: Um, s-still...?
Chisato: Mm-hmm. Based on how you've been today, I got the impression that you don't hold back as much compared to the old you.
Chisato: Like with this light display and the hot chocolate...
Chisato: ... That's why I thought you might've changed from the Kanon I knew.
Kanon: ... Ah, well...
Chisato: But it looks like time still flows at a relaxed, leisurely pace around you.
Kanon: ... It's true that some parts of me haven't changed, but... I also think there are parts that maybe have changed.
Kanon: Like today, I enjoyed our little trip together so much that...
Kanon: I wanted to spend some more time with you. That's what these detours have been for.
Chisato: ... Oh, I had no idea.
Kanon: But I've only been thinking of myself... so I do feel bad about what I've been doing...
Chisato: ... Fufu. Fufufu...!
Kanon: Chi-Chisato-chan...?
Chisato: I-I'm sorry. This all suddenly feels quite amusing.
Chisato: I guess you've been a bit naughty today then.
Kanon: It feels kind of awkward to have you put it that way...
Chisato: But... not wanting you to change is also me only thinking of myself.
Chisato: So, do you think we can maybe call it even...?
Kanon: O-okay... Thank you. Oh, so, um, now that you know...
Chisato: ... Of course. Let's enjoy this detour a bit more and be naughty together then, shall we?
Kanon: ...! Yes, just a bit more!
