1501_Kanon Matsubara_R3 Accumulated Moments

<Exploration Team Established>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Kyoto - Streets]

Kanon: That temple we just were at was incredible. The Kannon statues all lined up in a row gave off such a dominating aura.
Aya: I know what you mean! I was even a little nervous in front of them!
Aya: I wonder if that was the reason, but now I'm starving~.
Sayo: Fufu. In that case, shall we go and have lunch?
Kanon: Yes! I'm feeling quite hungry myself after all that walking.
Chisato: Speaking of which, we haven't decided on what to have for lunch yet. What shall we have?
Kanon: Actually... there's this place I want to go to... Would that be okay?
Rinko: Of course... What kind of store is it?
Kanon: It's a place that has delicious nishin soba. My mom recommended it to me.
Aya: Nishin soba! That's soba noodles with herring! That definitely screams Kyoto!
Sayo: In that case, let's go there. Matsubara-san, could you lead the way?
Kanon: Leave it to me! I drew a map of where it is!
Kanon: Let's see, we're here right now, so... I'm pretty sure it's close by...
Chisato: ... Will this be okay...?
(Black cut)

[Ten Minutes Later]

Kanon: Fueee~... Where are we...?!
Chisato: I knew this would happen.
Rinko: I heard it's quite easy to get lost in Kyoto... The streets are like the board used to play Go...
Kanon: I-I'm sorry, everyone... I thought it would be fine this time since I had a map and everything...
Chisato: You don't have to worry so much about it, Kanon.
Sayo: Yes. Besides, getting lost like this isn't always a bad thing.
Sayo: Of course, it wasn't what we intended... But thanks to this, we got to see more of Kyoto. And not just the sightseeing spots either.
Kanon: Ohh, thank you... everyone...
Aya: Alrighty, let's try to look for it one more time!
Chisato: Yes. But the problem now is... how?
Rinko: If we at least knew where we were ... we'd be able to look for some sort of landmark...
Aya: Hmm... But there's nothing but residences around here... There aren't any buildings that look like stores.
Sayo: It does seem like we've moved away from areas with restaurants...
Chisato: There aren't many people around, either. So, we can't really ask for directions. What should we do...?
Rinko: Earlier... I saw someone who looked like... they were cleaning the entrance of their house...
Chisato: But they had quite a stern look on their face. It's going to require courage to go up and speak to them...
Kanon: I-in that case... I'll go and ask!
Chisato, Aya, Sayo & Rinko: Huh?!
Kanon: E-excuse meee~...!
Aya: Hey, Kanon-chan...! Uhm, she really went over by herself...!
Rinko: She's amazing... It takes a lot of courage... to even speak to an attendant at a train station...
Sayo: Indeed. How should I put this? Matsubara-san appears very reliable right now.
Chisato: Yes... Absolutely...
Chisato: Since we were young, Kanon and I would occasionally go out together. Even though we'd set a time and place, she would often get lost and not be able to find her way.
Chisato: Most of the time, she would give up easily. Then, we'd just say to each other that we'd try our best the next time.
Chisato: Perhaps because of this...  I feel like she has undergone a tremendous amount of growth.
Sayo: Did she really get lost that frequently?
Chisato: I want to say no, but... well, I really can't.
Aya: Ahaha... But it's kinda fun like this since it feels like we're out exploring.
Rinko: Exploring... Fufu... When you put it that way... it feels like we're on an adventure... That's a little exciting.
Aya: An adventure, huh~? That makes us all "Nishin Soba Explorers" led by Kanon-chan!
Sayo: N-Nishin Soba Explorers...?
Kanon: Hey, everyone, I got the directions to the restaurant...! Turns out, it's actually pretty close by...!
Chisato: Kanon...! Fufu, that's our leader for you.
Aya: Yup, yup! Our leader is so reliable and unrelenting!
Kanon: L-leader...? What are you talking about...?
Sayo: We'll explain on the way.
Chisato: Yes. With that said, leader, please lead the way.
Kanon: ...? I don't really get it but... okay! This time, I'll try my best not to get lost!


<Even If It’s Gradual>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[School Path]

Kanon: Hello, {{userName}}-san. Are you on your way back to CiRCLE?
Kanon: I'm on my way home, but I wanted to take a stroll. After being on a trip, I feel like I can see the usual scenery in a different light.
Kanon: Yes! The school trip was a lot of fun!
Kanon: Ah, how did you enjoy the souvenirs we brought back? We all tried to pick out the most delicious ones...
Kanon: Really? I'm glad you liked them.
Kanon: I had such a great time on our trip. I got to talk a lot to everyone about so many things.
Kanon: Of course, there were some disturbances as well.
Kanon: Ah... For example, on our way to Kyoto, Aya-chan got on the wrong bus. So, she ended up riding with us even though we are in different classes.
Kanon: The teacher in charge of our bus contacted Aya-chan's teacher... and somehow, it all worked out!
Kanon: It was a little shocking to have something like that happen on the first day... But that's part of the charm of school trips, right?
Kanon: Huh? Me? ... I've changed?
Kanon: Fufu, I think you might be right.
Kanon: If it were the old me, I think I would have been anxious and panicked when faced with such situations.
Kanon: Don't get me wrong, I still panic when an incident arises... But, somehow, it feels like there's more to it.
Kanon: I wouldn't say I'm "totally comfortable" now, but maybe things have gotten better since I've accumulated a lot of experiences.
Kanon: Actually, we talked about this during our school trip.
Kanon: We went to a traditional Japanese tea café. There, Rinko-chan said I have a good reputation among the tea ceremony club for teaching others...
Kanon: I know people say that about me now, but I didn't know how to teach at all before that , and I really struggled with it.
Kanon: But it was because of all the time I spent struggling that I was able to change for the better, I guess... Ehehe.
Kanon: Now, when something happens and I start to panic, I can think positively, because I know I can handle it as I have done so in the past!
Kanon: Of course, this applies not only to the tea ceremony club but also things that have to do with Hello, Happy World! and my part-time job...
Kanon: It's all thanks to the experiences I've had until now.
Kanon: I don't know if you can call this personal growth... but I'm really happy with this change.
Kanon: Even if incidences occur in the future, I hope I can become someone who doesn't just panic... I guess.
Kanon: So one day, once I feel like, "I've become this person," I hope we can talk like this again.
Kanon: Fufu, thank you so much for always listening to me. I'd be delighted if we could have more conversations like this from time to time.
Kanon: Anyway, I should probably let you go. Hope you have a good day!
