1506_Kanon Matsubara_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: They're so detailed and cute.

<Is This for a Thumbling?>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Dressing Room]

Kokoro: Our birthday concert for Kanon was sooo much fun!
Kaoru: Ahh... It was quite the fleeting performance...! The rhythm of Kanon's drums made smiles blossom in profusion.
Hagumi: Next, we'll make you smile at the birthday party, Kano-chan-senpai!
Kanon: Thank you. I'm happy just to celebrate my birthday with everyone.
Misaki: We're throwing the party after this, so let's hurry and change out of our costumes~.
Misaki: Hrm...? Kanon-san, something fell out of your bag.
Kanon: Ah! Thank you for picking it up for me, Misaki-chan.
Hagumi: Oh, my gosh! Kano-chan-senpai has an itsy-bitsy melon soda float!
Kokoro: I don't think a drink that small is for us. I know! It must be for a tiny person!
Kanon: Fufu, it's an eraser.
Hagumi: Really?
Kanon: Lately, I've been into erasers that look like food. They're so detailed and cute.
Kaoru: Ahh, they're truly fleeting. There's beauty in every detail...
Kokoro: What other kinds of erasers do you have?
Kanon: I have... Ah, yesterday I found a rice omelet one and a Hamburg steak one.
Misaki: These might go perfectly with some needle-felted animals. They're so cute and tiny.
Kanon: Fufufu. Depending on what you do with them, maybe they could be used as nice decorations.
Hagumi: Hey, are there croquette erasers?
Kanon: I don't think I've seen a croquette one yet.
Hagumi: I wanna beef croquette and a pumpkin croquette~!
Misaki: Wouldn't they look the same?
Kokoro: Kanon, I wanna hear aaall about the erasers you're collecting! Would you tell us more at the birthday party?
Kanon: Fufu, sure. First, you'll need to get changed.


<Hidden in My Pencil Case>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama)

[Restaurant]

Aya: Ugh~, somehow I've managed to solve half of it~.
Kanon: Fufu, good job, Aya-chan.
Aya: Today's homework worksheet is too hard~. Thanks for helping me with it~!
Kanon: Fufu, I was a little surprised when you burst into my classroom asking me to help you study...
Kanon: It's a good thing I studied this part yesterday.
Aya: Kanon-chan, thank you...! What I had wanted to do was buy some cake with you so we could have a little late birthday party...
Kanon: It's okay. We can still go do that after we finish our homework, so don't worry.
Kanon: Besides, studying together like this makes me think of the time we made guidebooks for our sakura party and the One Hundred Poems Tournament.
Aya: Oh, I remember that! I hope we can do it again~.
Aya: ... I've been meaning to ask you this, but is that eraser there in your pencil case... a strawberry shortcake?
Kanon: Yes. It's cute, so I like to carry it around.
Kanon: Lately, I've been collecting erasers that look like food.
Aya: Oh! I've seen them at the knick-knack shop. I've never bought any, though. Mind if I get a closer look?
Kanon: Fufu, here.
Aya: Wow~, the strawberries are so tiny! Everything is so detailed~. The pastel colors are super cute♪ It almost seems a shame to use something so nice.
Kanon: Yeah, I think so too, so I don't use it. I just enjoy looking at it.
Kanon: I bought these at the knick-knack shop last time too.
Aya: It's a little plate of Napolitan spaghetti and a set of octopus puffs! These are so neat~!
Kanon: Oh, and I found a croquette eraser too.
Aya: I think Hagumi-chan would love that!
Kanon: Fufu, I'm thinking of giving it to her the next time we have band practice.
Aya: I kind of want to get some now too~.
Kanon: Well, why don't we go buy some erasers after we finish our homework?
Aya: Huh?! Really?!
Kanon: Sure. I was hoping to go back to the knick-knack shop anyway to look for some fruit erasers.
Aya: I kind of feel like all you've been doing is helping me today. I'm going to work hard to finish my homework!
Aya: Alright! First, I'll finish this problem! Umm... "Next, find the first term and common difference of the following arithmetic progression"...
Aya: ... U-umm~, Kanon-chan? I'm really sorry, but...
Kanon: Fufu, no worries. For that problem, if you use this formula...
