1598_Kanon Matsubara_R4 Smile Hunter

Gacha phrase: As long as you don't give up, you can always try again!

<Re: Happy World!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

All: It's done~!
Kokoro: Mmm! What an amazing melody!
Kaoru: Yes. It flows perfectly together with Kanon's lyrics to create a most fleeting track, indeed...
Misaki: I never thought we'd finish it today, though. And this fast...
Kanon: Yeah, I was surprised, too. It was all thanks to everyone's help.
Hagumi: I wanna hurry up and play this with you guys!
Kokoro: ... Oh, I've got it! Let's all do a street concert! We'll play our nice new song for everyone right now!
Hagumi: That's a great idea, Kokoron! I'm so excited!
Kanon: R-right now...?
Misaki: It is a little sudden... We haven't prepared or anything. Is that really alright?
Kokoro: Of course it is! We have such a wonderful song, after all! And if we don't play it now, then when will we play it?
Kanon: ... Yeah! I want to do a street concert!
Kaoru & Misaki: Kanon... Kanon-san...
Misaki: Well, I guess Kokoro randomly suggesting things isn't anything out of the ordinary.
Kaoru: Yes. It is as Shakespeare once said, "Practice makes perfect, but concerts are even better."
Misaki: There's no way he said that.
Kokoro: Okay! It's settled, then! Everybody ready?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Kokoro: Everyone, your smiles are all sooo nice! I want to sing even more and more now!
Michelle (Misaki): Thanks for coming to see us play~. Keep on supporting Hello, Happy World! in the future, please~.
Audience Member: I feel so alive. What an incredible concert... Haha. Thanks for the great time.
Audience Member: I'll admit the concert was nice, but... another detour?! You haven't learned your lesson at all! It's me that's going to have to pay for this, you know?!
Michelle (Misaki): Ahaha, thanks for coming even though you're short on time~. Hearing things like that makes us really happy~. Please come watch us play again sometime~.
Kaoru: Fufu, just as expected, the song is a masterpiece... Not only that, we were all perfectly in sync, as well...
Kanon: Yeah, it felt really good! Every time I hit a drum, I could sense we were all on the same page.
Kanon: I was a little worried because we hadn't prepared, but... I'm glad we did this!
Kaoru: Yes. And if I may... Kanon, your performance today felt more powerful and free than ever.
Kanon: Fufu. Thanks, Kaoru-san. To tell you the truth, I was so nervous, my hands were shaking. But after I heard you all playing, I wanted to keep playing, too.
Kanon: Besides, this many people gathered to watch us...
Kanon: ... Huh? That girl over there...
Kanon: (I feel like I've seen her somewhere before.)
Kaoru: What is it, Kanon? Have you spotted an acquaintance of yours?
Kanon: ... No, it's nothing.
Little Girl: Um... Thank you for the concert...!
Kanon: (It's that girl...)
Kanon: S-sure. Thank you for staying to the very end of our show.
Kaoru: Ah, prithee, my adorable little kitten. What did you think of our song?
Little Girl: It was so much fun, and... I felt so warm and fuzzy inside... It made me want to just... keep moving forward. It was amazing.
Kaoru: Fufu, thank you. It is an honor to hear such words of praise.
Kanon: ... Um, that stick case... Are you in a band, too?
Little Girl: Yeah, I'm on the way to practice... My friends are all waiting for me, so I should probably get going soon.
Kanon: Oh, I see. I guess you should, yeah. Thanks for coming to watch us today.
Little Girl: Okay. I'll come to see you all play again sometime...!
Kaoru: Ah, what a kind, fleeting little kitten... To take the time to stop and express to us her appreciation...
Kanon: Bands really are nice, aren't they? I wonder if I look that excited when I'm headed to practice, too.
Kaoru: Fufu, is the answer to that question not obvious? Gaze over yonder at Kokoro, Michelle, and Hagumi's faces.
Kanon: ... ! You're right. I'm surrounded by such wonderful friends, after all.
Kanon: I'm... I'm so glad I met you all... I'm so glad I joined a band!
Kokoro: Kanon~! Lots of people came to tell me they liked our new song!
Kanon: Whoa! Kokoro-chan!
Kokoro: They said the lyrics were really nice! And they were! I was so excited, I couldn't help but start moving as I sang them!
Hagumi: I still haven't had enough, yet! I wanna sync up with everyone even more and more!
Kokoro: You're right! I know we can come up with a way, waaay happier performance than even that one!
Kanon: H-hey, everyone...!
Kokoro: What is it?
Kanon: What do you think... about playing a concert in the park, next...?
Kokoro: Oh! That's a wonderful idea, Kanon!
Kaoru: Ah, what a dazzling proposition...! Then let us make way posthaste...
Hagumi: If we're at the park, then I can move around even more, too! I'm so excited!
Michelle (Misaki): ... If you're the one suggesting it, Kanon-san, then there's no way I can refuse.
Kanon: ... ! Thanks, everyone! Okay, let's go!


<Confronting What Might Have Been>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[CiRCLE Lobby]

Marina: Hey, Kanon-chan. Are you on break from practice right now?
Kanon: Ah, Marina-san. Yeah, I was feeling a little tired, so I thought I'd stop by the café.
Marina: Getting enough rest is important too, yeah. There's a limited-time drink on the menu right now, so give it a try if you like.
Kanon: Oh, I'd love to! Ah, that reminds me... Marina-san, do you like fortunetelling?
Marina: Sure, I guess I do... Why do you ask?
Kanon: So you see, the other day, I went to this theme park and had my fortune read there.
Marina: Ah, now that you mention it, I did hear some rumors floating around about that. It's a limited-time event, right?
Kanon: Right! And we heard that the fortuneteller there was incredibly accurate, so I went with Chisato-chan and some others to see.
Marina: Fufu, I see. So? Did your fortunes come true?
Kanon: They did. The fortuneteller read Kaoru-san and Eve-chan's fortunes, and both of them came true in the end. I was really surprised.
Kanon: But I was the only one that had a bad fortune... That in the future, I'd "lose something very precious to me."
Marina: Oh, wow... That's not good.
Kanon: Yes... But the fortuneteller told me that I could avoid that future as long as I confronted "a future that might have been."
Marina: "A future that might have been...?" What's that supposed to mean?
Kanon: Even now, I'm still not really sure.
Kanon: But I think that we all have times where we wonder, "What if back then, I'd done this," or, "What if I hadn't done that?"
Kanon: We worry and we feel regret, but... I think in the end, what's important is that we accept what our past selves have done and be positive as we work towards the future.
Marina: Yeah. I also have times where I think back on things that I could have or should have done to get better results...
Marina: But dwelling on them doesn't help you move past them.
Kanon: Right. So instead of moping around, I want to make sure I do what I can to make my future self not have so many regrets.
Kanon: I think that may be what confronting "a future that might have been" means.
Kanon: The other day, I ended up losing the score for a new song I'd been working really hard on, just like she predicted...
Marina: Oh, really? But everything worked out?
Kanon: Yeah. If anything, I came up with even better lyrics after! And then we all worked together to create the melody, and it turned into a fantastic new song for us.
Kanon: And I think that's all thanks to me not worrying about what's already happened and instead thinking positively and moving forward.
Marina: Fufu, right. Gosh, I can't wait to hear your new song.
Kanon: Please, come see us play it at our next show!
