1661_Kanon Matsubara_R4 Overlapping Voices

Gacha phrase: Don't worry. Things will work out just fine, I'm sure of it.

<The Way to a New Daily Life>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Kanon: Hey, Chisato-chan. I thought that second place we looked at was quite nice, but... what do you think?
Chisato: Well, I did like the layout, and the fact that its got soundproofing for our instruments, and that the security seems solid is nice... I certainly wouldn't mind living there with you.
Kanon: Got it! Um... Then, what should we do? Should we settle on that one?
Chisato: Yes, let's do that. I can take care of calling them and going through the application process for us if you'd like. How does that sound?
Kanon: Really? Then... could you, please? I feel like I'd get way too nervous calling them...
Chisato: Fufu, of course. I'll contact them tomorrow as soon as they open.
Chisato: Thank goodness we found a nice place, though.
Kanon: All thanks to you, Chisato-chan.
Kanon: I think it's because you were able to tell the realtor exactly what sort of place we were looking for that they were able to find the perfect space for us.
Chisato: I simply got some good advice from someone at my agency about finding good rooms.
Chisato: It did take a while, but... if we're going to be doing this, wouldn't you rather have a place that's comfortable to live in as opposed to a place you just return to for sleep?
Kanon: Right...!
Kanon: I'd like to start growing some flowers on the veranda, actually...
Chisato: That sounds wonderful. Why don't we try starting a little at-home vegetable garden? We could try radishes, or basil, perhaps...
Kanon: That would be great...! Then we could use them to cook together on days we don't have class.
Chisato: Yes. I can already see us having a lot of fun on weekends.
Kanon: Oh, that's right. Speaking of cooking... Would you be okay with us taking turns?
Chisato: Sure. We can start with that, and then if something comes up where one of us is busy, we can handle that when the time comes... How does that sound?
Kanon: Sure. Sounds good to me.
Chisato: As for the rest of the chores, it might be best to divide them between us as well. We've got to take care of the garbage daily, after all...
Chisato: There's likely to be days I won't be home because of work, so it might be better for me to take care of the cleaning instead.
Kanon: Okay. In that case, I'll handle taking out the garbage. Other than that, we'll also have to assign...
Chisato: ... Fufu. Kanon. As much as I agree that us working these things out eventually is important, there's no need to rush at the moment. Let's talk about it later.
Kanon: Y-yeah, you're right... Ehehe, I was getting a little ahead of myself. Still though, it's kind of fun talking about things like this, huh?
Chisato: True. Thinking about the future is something one can only do in the present. So maybe we should try and enjoy this while we can?
Chisato: I'm sure that putting all of our plans into action will be just as fun, however.
Kanon: Yeah! Oh, that's right... There was a cake shop near that place, wasn't there?
Kanon: It'd be nice to stop by there and buy something for us to celebrate with after one of us is done with a big concert or something.
Chisato: Yes. We could do that for days after exams, as well. I'm sure that would be good motivation for us.
Kanon: It sounds like our diet might end up as mostly cake at this rate.
Chisato: Fufu, it certainly does.
Kanon: Living together is really exciting, isn't it?
Chisato: Yes, it is.
Kanon: But...
Chisato: What is it?
Kanon: There's... one thing I am a little worried about...
Chisato: Wh-what is it? You look so serious all of a sudden. If there's something on your mind, by all means, share it with me.
Kanon: Um, well... After moving, we're going to be living in a new place, so I'm probably going to end up getting lost on the way to our new home...
Chisato: ... Fufu.
Kanon: D-don't laugh~!
Chisato: S-sorry. You just looked so serious, I was wondering what you were about to say...
Chisato: Hm... In that case, how about we do this?
Chisato: Let's go home together for a bit after we move. We can meet at the station and do some shopping... How does that sound?
Chisato: If we do that, I'm sure you'll remember the way eventually.
Kanon: Chisato-chan... Thank you...! I-I'll do my best, okay...?!
Chisato: There's no need to stress about it that much. I'm sure you'll be fine. Starting from now, that place is going to gradually become your new home.
Kanon: Huh... No, that's not right, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: No?
Kanon: It's going to be our home.
Chisato: Fufu... You're right. And I can't wait.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Reliable People, Reliable Me>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Downtown]

Marina: Ah, it's Kanon-chan. I wonder what she's up to... She looks like she's staring at something.
Marina: Are those... real estate listings for places to rent...?
Kanon: ... Ah.
Kanon: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hi there, Kanon-chan. I saw you were checking out some places for rent... Are you planning on getting your own apartment?
Kanon: Oh, no! Not my own, at least. I'm planning on sharing a place with Chisato-chan, actually.
Marina: Oh, wow! So that's why you were looking at those listings.
Kanon: Yeah. Though Chisato-chan and I will decide on where we're going to stay together, of course.
Kanon: Still, when I see those listings outside real estate offices, I always end up stopping to check things out. Just to see what sorts of places are available, you know?
Marina: I know how you feel. It's fun to imagine life in all those rooms they've got for show, right?
Marina: So you're going to be sharing a place with Chisato-chan... That's kind of a surprise, honestly.
Marina: It's not like your college is that far away, so I figured you'd both be staying at your houses.
Kanon: That's what I was thinking first, too... I'd never have imagined I'd leave home, let alone end up living with someone else.
Kanon: But after hearing Chisato-chan talk about sharing a place with someone, it sounded like so much fun...
Kanon: I've still got no idea what actually living with someone like that could be like, though.
Marina: I mean, that can't be helped. It's your first time, after all.
Kanon: Yeah... I'm sure once I enter college, there's going to be all sorts of other changes and new challenges... So I'm sure I'll end up feeling uneasy about things in the future.
Kanon: But Kokoro-chan and Hagumi-chan told me something; The best way to stop worrying is to just say what's on your mind!
Marina: That's right. I think it's important to be honest about your feelings, too.
Kanon: Yeah... Otherwise, you end up bottling up all sorts of negative thoughts inside and making other people feel worried about you, too.
Kanon: Which is why I'm going to try and talk to others when I feel like I need to, and I want to help listen to others when they need to talk, too.
Kanon: I've got so many reliable people around me, after all. From Hello, Happy World!, to Chisato-chan...
Kanon: And you two too, of course.
Marina: Aw, that makes me so happy to hear, Kanon-chan! Makes the both of us happy, right?
Kanon: Fufu... I'm surrounded by so many people I can trust, so I want to become someone that they can rely on, too.
Marina: You're already plenty trustworthy as is. And we're going to keep relying on you lots in the future, alright?
Kanon: You bet! You can count on me!
