1694_Kanon Matsubara_R4 Graduation

Gacha phrase: I should at least learn my way around.

<Messages from Underclassmen>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

Kasumi: Kanon-senpai! Congratulations on graduating!
Kasumi: You'll be going to Keiho Women's University, right? The one that we checked out! I can't wait to see you sparkle in such a sparkly place!
Arisa: Kanon-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Arisa: You're usually pretty easygoing, but you can be brave and decisive when you need to be. I think it's amazing...
Arisa: I wanna be like you in that way too. Also, we should do a street performance again someday.
Rimi: Kanon-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Rimi: You're always so kind and gentle. Just being with you is so relaxing. I hope we can keep spending time together!
Tae: There was a time when you reminded me of a rabbit because of how gentle you are.
Tae: But it's a bit different now... Rabbits are surprisingly strong-willed, just like you.
Tae: Congratulations, Kanon-senpai.
Saya: Kanon-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Saya: I can still remember the time we all went to the hydrangea park. The smell of the rain, the colors of the hydrangeas floating on the pond...
Saya: The photos I took that day are all my precious treasures. We should go there again sometime!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Matsubara-san, congratulations on graduating.
Ran: Thank you for everything. You put a lot of effort into preparing for the sakura party, and you made sure everyone was having a good time.
Ran: If we get the chance, we should all get together like that again. Me and the others will do the preparing when we do.
Moca: Kanon-senpai~, congrats on graduating~.
Moca: You'll still be going to Tsugu's café, right~? Then we'll still be able to meet each other, so it's all good~.
Moca: I can't wait to hear all about your college life~.
Tsugumi: Kanon-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsugumi: It's always fun when we get to talk to each other at the café.
Tsugumi: Please feel free to visit anytime and take a little break every now and then. You'll feel recharged.
Tomoe: Kanon-san, congrats, you graduated!
Tomoe: When I heard you were the drummer for Hello, Happy World!, I remember thinking at first that it was really unexpected because you're so gentle...
Tomoe: But now, I can say this with confidence. You're the perfect and best drummer for Hello, Happy World!
Himari: Kanon-san, congratulations on graduating!
Himari: It's amazing how you can find so many delicious cakes and sweets!
Himari: We should look for good cake shops together sometime! Let's make a promise!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Kanon, congrats on graduating!
Ako: So? Did you have fun every day? As fellow drummers, let's keep doing our best~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Kanon-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Eve: Chatting with you during tea ceremony club has been a lot of fun!
Eve: After you have settled down, let us celebrate your graduation and college entrance by making tea together and eating delicious teacakes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): Kanon, congrats on graduating. You seem like the type to hide behind someone's shadow, so I was surprised to see you play the drums so fearlessly with your band.
CHU² (Chiyu): Playing the drums in a way that supports such chaotic music can only be done by someone truly bold.
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm sure once you polish your skills even more, you'll lead Hello, Happy World! to a higher-ranking stage. Keep devoting yourself, even after graduating high school!
LAYER (Rei): Matsubara-san, congratulations on graduating.
LAYER (Rei): Listening to Hello, Happy World!'s music always puts me in a genuinely good mood.
LAYER (Rei): Performing with you will remain a precious memory to me. I hope to see you again soon.
LOCK (Rokka): Kanon-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
LOCK (Rokka): Sometimes I think we're a little similar... Oh, I'm sorry if I offended you!
LOCK (Rokka): But that's why I want to talk to you more... I hope we can chat and have some delicious cake one day!
MASKING (Masuki): Kanon-san, congrats on graduatin'.
MASKING (Masuki): I've always thought you were so cute.
MASKING (Masuki): But when you're playin' the drums for Hello, Happy World!, you're so cool. That makes you cute and cool. Nothin' beats that.
PAREO (Reona): Kanon-san, congratulations on your graduation♪
PAREO (Reona): You are fond of cute things, right? I am too.
PAREO (Reona): I understand this is not the right time to ask, but I hope we can discuss cute things one day♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Kanon-san, congratulations on graduating.
Mashiro: You're so kind and gentle... When I'm with you, I feel at ease...
Mashiro: I had a lot of fun talking to you during the sakura party. Umm, I'd like to spend time with you again, if possible...
Tsukushi: Kanon-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsukushi: I really admire how your drumming supports Hello, Happy World! and encourages everyone.
Tsukushi: As a fellow drummer, I respect you a lot! Please keep doing your best!
Nanami: Kanon-senpai, congratulations. You graduated.
Nanami: You like jellyfish, right? I totally get you~. Watching them float around is so relaxing~.
Nanami: That aquarium atmosphere itself is relaxing too... Please bring me with you next time~.
Toko: Kanon-san, congrats on graduating!
Toko: You give off, like, such a cute and fluffy vibe.
Toko: I'm obsessed with how someone like you is the drummer for the wild and wacky Hello, Happy World! That contrast is totally awesome!
Rui: Matsubara-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Rui: It seems you are using the birthday present I gave you previously. Thank you.
Rui: Please take care of Morfonica from now on as well.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, congrats!
Hagumi: I've been thinking about whether or not graduating from Hanasakigawa means you'll stop being my senior.
Hagumi: But that won't happen, right? You'll always be my senior, forever and ever!
Misaki: Kanon-san, hey there.
Misaki: I'm sure I'll see you again a bunch of times before and after this video, so it won't be the first time you'll hear this...
Misaki: But I wanna say it, so I will. Congratulations on graduating and entering college. Let's keep working together to overcome all the troubles we'll face.
Kokoro: Kanon, congrats on graduating!
Kokoro: I'm supposed to keep it short and sweet, but I can't fit everything I wanna say to you.
Kokoro: So I'll tell you everything later, okay? For now, I just wanna say one thing... I love you, Kanon!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Thoughts and That Day>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Station Entrance]

Kanon: ...
Kanon: Ah! {{userName}}-san, what are you doing?
Kanon: Oh, I'm just going around the places I have special memories of...
Kanon: This place here is special to me.
Kanon: It's where Kokoro-chan came up to me when I was about to get rid of my drum.
Kanon: At the time, I only ended up joining Hello, Happy World! because I kind of got overwhelmed...
Kanon: But looking back, I'm really glad Kokoro-chan approached me right here on that day.
Kanon: Actually, the other day, I was wondering what would have happened if I hadn't joined Hello, Happy World!...
Kanon: I won't ever know for sure... but I doubt I would be having as much fun each day as I do now.
Kanon: My encounter with Hello, Happy World! was bright, dazzling, and colorful... and it completely changed my everyday life.
Kanon: Part of that was performing live and doing events, but through Hello, Happy World!, I also met so many people and now have more friends.
Kanon: Those weren't the only things that changed though... I did, too...
Kanon: Oh, by change, I don't mean turn into a completely different person, more like...
Kanon: I've come to like myself more than I used to.
Kanon: Every time I realize that, I feel so thankful from the bottom of my heart that Hello, Happy World! entered my life.
Kanon: ... And that's why...
Kanon: That's why, even after starting college, I want to become even more capable of liking myself.
Kanon: I haven't decided what to do yet. But I want to do new things and try things I wouldn't have been able to attempt before so that I can come to like myself more.
Kanon: Also, I want to be able to laugh and smile with everyone in Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: ... Oh, I'm sorry for rambling. Thank you for listening though.
Kanon: I feel even more determined after having you listen to what I had to say.
Kanon: I hope we can keep having talks like this again.
