1735_Kanon Matsubara_R5 Beneath the Clear Sky

Gacha phrase: I want to ask everyone directly using my own words.

<Color Collecting Pt. 1>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Kanon Matsubara)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Kanon: It doesn't look like Saya-chan is back yet. Fue... Wh-what am I going to do...
Kanon: There's no time though... I guess I need to speak to a member of her family even though it'll make me nervous...
Kanon: First, I need to calm down. Take a deep breath... There.
Kanon: ... E-excuse-
Saya: Hm? Kanon-senpai?
Kanon: Aah! S-Saya-chan!
Saya: Sorry for scaring you. What are you doing just standing at the entrance though?
Kanon: Oh, um, there's actually something I want to ask you...
Saya: ...? Sure, what is it?
Kanon: Um... you wouldn't happen to have any balloons at the bakery... would you...?
Saya: ... Uh, what?
(Black cut)
Saya: So they said they want to use a ton of balloons for your new song's music video, huh? Yeah, I can see how suddenly being told that might be a bit of a problem.
Kanon: Fufu. On the flip side, though, it'll probably also make our music video really great if we can pull it off.
Kanon: Unfortunately, we found out we don't have anywhere near enough balloons. That's why we've split up to find some, but...
Saya: The search hasn't been going well, I take it?
Kanon: Mm-hmm...
Kanon: I asked the people at the downtown office if they could help, but all the balloons were apparently used during that sale a while back.
Kanon: They did say, though, that some individual stores might still have leftovers of the ones that were handed out for use as decorations.
Kanon: That's why I thought I could go around and ask store owners directly...
Saya: I see, so that's why...
Saya: Hold on. I think this is where we keep our decorations... Ah, found some!
Kanon: Wow! Thanks, Saya-chan!
Saya: Hmm... There's a lot less than I thought though. This is nowhere near enough, isn't it?
Kanon: U-unfortunately...
Kanon: Oh, but don't worry! With some help from the other stores, I'm sure we'll manage...!
Saya: Maybe, but...
Saya: Going up to someone you've barely spoken to, except when shopping, and asking if they have balloons will take some courage, won't it?
Kanon: T-true...
Kanon: Ngh... B-but it's all for filming a nice music video. I'll manage somehow!
Kanon: ... That said, maybe I'll start with places with people that are easy to talk to, like Hazawa Coffee, since it'll be less stressful that way...
Saya: Fufu, that's probably a good idea.
Kanon: Alright! I think I'll do that!
Saya: ...
Saya: Um, if you'd like, want me to use our downtown store directory to call and ask people if they have any spare balloons?
Kanon: Really? Y-you'd do that?
Saya: Absolutely!
Saya: It doesn't feel right to just abandon you... Besides, Hello, Happy World!, and especially Michelle, always do so much for this entire downtown area.
Saya: This seems like the perfect opportunity to repay our debt.
Kanon: I-it's not like you owe us or anything...
Kanon: But I really do appreciate the offer. Are you sure it's okay to ask you to do this?
Saya: Of course!
Saya: I'll ask people to bring any balloons they have to Hazawa Coffee then!
Saya: Just give me a moment to make those calls, Kanon-senpai.
Kanon: Oh... Actually, wait, Saya-chan!
Saya: ...? Is something wrong?
Kanon: Um... do you think maybe I could make those calls instead?
Saya: Hm? But isn't that kind of not your thing...?
Kanon: Y-yes, it really isn't...
Kanon: But we're the ones asking for the balloons... Even though I may not do the best job asking... I want to ask everyone directly using my own words.
Kanon: Um... d-do you think it's okay for me to try...?
Saya: Of course! That's really quite admirable, honestly!
Saya: Alright, then. Please follow me. There's a phone in the back... Oh, and here's the directory.
Kanon: Th-there are this many numbers?!
Kanon: Fue... I-I'll try my best...!


<Color Collecting Pt. 2>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kanon: Fue... I'm so exhausted...
Saya: That took longer than expected, didn't it?
Kanon: Yes... but at least I was able to ask everyone on my own.
Kanon: Thank you, Saya-chan.
Saya: I only helped out a tiny bit.
Tsugumi: Fufu... You really surprised me, though, Kanon-san. When I saw Yamabuki Bakery's number, I wasn't expecting to hear your voice.
Kanon: I'm sorry about the sudden call...
Tsugumi: No, no, you don't need to apologize! Anyway, it might take some time for people to bring the balloons, so please make yourselves comfortable in the meantime.
Tsugumi: Oh, and here's some coffee from me. On the house!
Kanon: Wow, thank you, Tsugumi-chan!
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Here you go! Including the ones we have, this should be all the balloons!
Tsugumi: ... There isn't as much as I'd expected though. Will this be enough?
Kanon: It's hard to say... We still might be kind of short...
Saya: Yeah, it'd probably be nice to have a few more for the sake of visual impact.
Tsugumi: You need that many balloons?
Kanon: If possible, probably about double of what's here, actually.
Tsugumi: Oh, double...
Saya: I wish I could help, but I'm having trouble coming up with other places that might have balloons~...
Tsugumi & Saya: Hmm...
Kanon: W-well, I think I'll just bring back what I have. With everyone else out searching, I'm sure things will work out!
Kanon: Hagumi-chan even said she was going to go check out the next town over. She sounded so enthusiastic, so I'm sure she'll...
Kanon: Oh, wait!
Saya: What is it, Kanon-senpai?
Kanon: Saya-chan, when we called earlier... there were a few places where no one picked up. Do you remember which stores those were?
Saya: Hm? Uh... I think it was the grocery store at the corner and the shoe store.
Saya: Oh, also the candy lady's place...
Tsugumi: I see. It's no surprise the candy lady didn't pick up though. Around this hour, she's often out walking or shopping.
Tsugumi: I have to say, though, it's been a while since I went to her candy store~.
Kanon: That's it! The candy lady!
Saya: Hm...? Ohh!
Kanon: Hagumi-chan told me there's a really nice candy store around here that's run by a person called the candy lady.
Tsugumi: And a candy store would have balloons for sale...!
Saya: Ugh, I can't believe I totally forgot! She might be back by now.
Kanon: L-let's try going to her store!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Candy Store]

Tsugumi: Wow...! This is a lot of colorful balloons...!
Kanon: What a relief...! Thank you so much, ma'am...!
Candy Lady: Fufufu. Actually, I just forgot I still had plenty of balloons and accidentally ordered additional ones a while back.
Saya: Oh, really? That's quite a coincidence!
Candy Lady: True, true. Back then, I was a little blue because of the mistake... but it looks like it wasn't a mistake after all. It must've all been for today~.
Candy Lady: If I hadn't ordered them, I wouldn't be seeing these lovely smiles on your faces, so thank you~. What was it again? A "music video"? Well, good luck with whatever that is.
Kanon: Thank you...!
Kanon: Oh, a phone call... It's Misaki-chan! Hello, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Hi, Kanon-san.
Misaki: How's it going? With the balloons that is. We haven't been able to find as many as we'd hoped. Things are not looking pretty.
Kanon: Oh, um, actually, I managed to get enough!
Misaki: Seriously? Nice job- Aah!
Misaki: Kokoro, don't just jump on me like that! Hm? Yeah... Don't worry. Kanon-san said she's found enough.
Misaki: Huh?! Y-you want to do what now...?! Ah, wait, you can't just suddenly...! Sigh...
Kanon: Misaki-chan? What's wrong?
Misaki: Sorry. Kokoro's become a little hyper after hearing we'll have enough balloons... She wants us all to come to school now, and there's no convincing her otherwise.
Misaki: She's not sharing any details, but knowing her, it's likely another one of her crazy ideas.
Kanon: O-oh...
Misaki: ... Kanon-san, you're a bit excited, aren't you?
Kanon: What?! H-how did you know?
Misaki: Ahaha. Despite everything, you do enjoy Kokoro's shenanigans.
Misaki: Anyway, yeah, see you at school. Oh, and don't worry about getting permission to enter the school grounds. Kokoro's already taken care of it.
Kanon: Okay. Thanks, Misaki-chan. See you at school then.
Kanon: I'm sorry, Saya-chan, Tsugumi-chan. Um... I have to go to school in a hurry...
Saya: We understand, Kanon-senpai. Isn't that right, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Together with everyone downtown, we'll be looking forward to seeing that wonderful music video of yours!
Kanon: Saya-chan, Tsugumi-chan... Ma'am...
Kanon: Thank you all for everything! Bye!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Alright~, time to get busy...! Fufu.
