1763_Kanon Matsubara_R4 College Student Chat

Gacha phrase: You don't have to rush your decision.

<A Lively Dinner Made Colorful>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Kokoro: Mmm~! Practice today was so funtastic!
Hagumi: I moved around a lot, so I'm really hungry~. How about we all go to a restaurant and get something to eat?
Kokoro: Great idea! Let's go!
Misaki: I'm up for that. To be honest, my stomach's been close to growling for a while now.
Kaoru: I do not mind going either. What say we have an unreserved conversation... about how fleeting today's practice was?
Kanon: I'm sorry, everyone...! I sort of have plans today.
Kokoro: Oh, really?
Kanon: Yeah. Chisato-chan and I are going to go dinner shopping.
Hagumi: I see~. Then let's go to the restaurant some other time!
Kokoro: That's a shame. But if you have plans, there's nothing we can do.
Misaki: Right. But you're going dinner shopping, huh...?
Kaoru: When I previously intruded upon their home, Kanon was crafting a most sumptuous meal. It seemed she was quite accustomed to their shared lifestyle.
Hagumi: I see! So you went to play at their place, huh?
Kaoru: Indeed. I enjoyed a most fleeting time.
Hagumi: That's awesome! I wanna go, too!
Kokoro: Me too!! Let's all go for a visit next time!
Misaki: You say that, but... wouldn't we be a nuisance...?
Kanon: Fufu. You're all very welcome, of course.
Kanon: But Chisato-chan might have something going on, so I'll ask her when it would be okay.
Hagumi: Okay, got it!
Kokoro: I can't wait! What should we do when we go to their apartment? Mmm! Just thinking about it makes me so excited!!
Misaki: Sigh. I just hope you're not thinking of anything weird...
Kanon: Fufufu.
Kanon: Ah, Chisato-chan is calling! Excuse me for a minute.
Kanon: Yes, hello.
Chisato: "Kanon? It's Chisato. Is it alright for you to talk now?"
Kanon: Yeah, it's alright. I actually had something I wanted to talk to you about.
Chisato: "Oh my. Did something happen?"
Kanon: Yeah. Remember how Kaoru-san and the others came to our apartment the other day?
Kanon: I was telling everyone in Hello, Happy World! about that, and Hagumi-chan said she wanted to come for a visit...
Chisato: "Hagumi-chan said that? I see... Is she there with you right now?"
Kanon: Yeah. Ah, she's right here. Fufu. I'll pass the phone to her.
Hagumi: Hello~! Chisato-senpai! It's Hagumi~!
Chisato: "Hello, Hagumi-chan. You sound as energetic as ever."
Hagumi: Yeah! I'm totally full of energy!!
Hagumi: So, um, Chisato-senpai. I was talking about how I wanted to visit you, but... what do you think?
Hagumi: When I heard that Kaoru-kun also went for a visit, it made me super duper jealous! So... Yeah! Please say it's okay!!
Chisato: "Fufu. I see... In that case, your timing is perfect. Hagumi-chan, if you're up for it, why don't you come by now?"
Hagumi: Really?! Hey, Kano-chan-senpai! She said I could go right now!
Kanon: What...?! R-right now...? Chisato-chan, are you sure...?
Chisato: "Yes. I'm with Aya-chan right now, and I was thinking of asking you whether I could invite her to dinner. So that's why I called."
Kanon: I see. Of course I'd be okay with that.
Chisato: "Thank goodness. Well then, why don't we all have dinner together tonight?"
Kanon: Sure. Let's all eat together... Ah!
Kanon: U-umm, Chisato-chan. The thing is...!
Hagumi: Huh? Together?! Kokoron, Kaoru-kun, Mii-kun! She said it's okay for all of us to go over today!
Kokoro: I see! That's wonderful!!
Misaki: Huh? Today? Really? Are we invited too?
Hagumi: Yeah! I heard her say let's all eat together!
Kaoru: Fufu... I couldn't possibly refuse an invitation from a dear kitten.
Chisato: "Huh...? Um, hello? Kanon?"
Hagumi: Ehehe~! I can't wait to go to their apartment~!
Kanon: Fue... I-I'm sorry, Chisato-chan. The thing is, it wasn't just Hagumi-chan who said she wanted to visit...
Chisato: "... So it would seem."
Chisato: "... This is unexpected, but... I did extend the invitation, so there's nothing I can do. Why don't we buy extra ingredients on our way home today?"
Kanon: Okay...! It's a little sudden... but I'm happy our dinner will be lively.
Chisato: "Fufu. So am I. Well then, Kanon. I'll see you later."
Kanon: Okay! See you later.
Kanon: Fufufu... I wonder what I should choose for our dinner menu?


<A Vibrant New Life>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kanon: Hello, {{userName}}-san. Are you taking a break right now?
Kanon: I've got practice with Hello, Happy World!, but because of my university lectures, I'm the only one here early.
Kanon: So, umm... if you wouldn't mind, would you talk with me until my practice starts?
Kanon: Thank you very much! I have so much I want to tell you.
Kanon: I guess what I want to talk about most is... probably what happened the other day.
Kanon: The thing is, Maya-chan and some others came over to my apartment. We talked about our universities, and it was so lively.
Kanon: Hearing different stories was a lot of fun. The one that surprised me the most was when Kaoru-san took over her theater class for over twenty minutes...
Kanon: Fufu. Isn't that amazing?
Kanon: Chisato-chan told us about it, but I wish I could've seen that class, too.
Kanon: After that, Hina-chan, Aya-chan, Lisa-chan, Rinko-chan, and Minato-san came by... People quickly came around, and we all ate together.
Kanon: Once I realized it, there were more people than we had planned for, so I was a little surprised.
Kanon: But getting together like that after inviting people on the spot instead of making plans in advance is nice, isn't it? It really feels like what university students do!
Kanon: Right. It was so much fun!
Kanon: This also goes for sharing an apartment with Chisato-chan, but my lifestyle is completely different than before... It really makes me feel like a new life has started for me.
Kanon: Right... I'm sure everyone feels the same way.
Kanon: Maya-chan's joined a new club, and Kaoru-san's working even harder on her theater studies...
Kanon: I feel a little sad that my friends are getting new sides to them...
Kanon: But that also means I'll have more chances to enjoy learning about them, right?
Kanon: Always being together would be fun, but relationships like that are lovely, too.
Kanon: Thank goodness. I'm not the only one who thinks that!
Kanon: We'll slightly drift apart and come back together as we learn about one another... I hope that's the kind of new life I'll get to live.
Kanon: Ah... It's that time already. We talked so much.
Kanon: {{userName}}-san. Would it be okay for me to talk with you like this again?
Kanon: Thank goodness... Then I'll come to talk to you if I have anything interesting or wonderful happen to me.
Kanon: Thank you so much for listening to what I have to say today! Well, I'll see you!
