1966_Kanon Matsubara_R5 Reasons and Objectives

Gacha phrase: I was so desperately searching for Charlotte-chan…

<Hanasakigawa Tradition>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Sayo Hikawa)

[Keiho Women's University - Campus]

Kanon: The lecture was interesting, wasn't it, Sayo-chan?
Sayo: Yes, it required some prerequisite knowledge, but the content was very fulfilling.
Sayo: Well, shall we have lunch? I hope the cafeteria isn't too crowded. ......
Kanon: Maybe Maya-chan and Hina-chan are already at the cafeteria? I hope we can eat with them.
Sayo: Yes, I'm also curious about the rest of the story from the other day.
Kanon: Was that Maya-chan's story about the Outdoor Society?
Sayo: Yes. It was a topic I wasn't familiar with, so it was interesting.
Kanon: You don't have much experience with the outdoors?
Sayo: No, because I don't think I'm cut out for it.
Kanon: So, I guess I'm not cut out for it either... It'd be difficult to get lost in the mountains or forests.
Kanon: ... "Not cut out for it", huh?
Sayo: Is something wrong?
Kanon: Oh, um... not about outdoor activities, but something similar happened recently.
Kanon: Misaki-chan is now the Student Council President of Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy, right? But she seems to have lost her confidence due to various reasons...
Kanon: She thinks she's not cut out for the Student Council President.
Sayo: Being the Student Council President, she's under a lot of pressure. I can understand why Okusawa-san is worried.
Kanon: I wish I could have said something to cheer up Misaki-chan...but I couldn't say it right.
Sayo: I see. That's how it was...
Kanon: ... Um, how was Rinko-chan?
Sayo: ? How was Shirokane-san, what do you mean...?
Kanon: I was wondering if Rinko-chan was also troubled as the Student Council President...
Sayo: As far as I know, Shirokane-san thought she was not cut out for the Student Council President either like Okusawa-san.
Sayo: She was worried that she might not be reliable as the Student Council President.
Kanon: I had an image of her working hard for the Student Council... but I didn't realize that Rinko-chan was also worried like that.
Sayo: It's because she thought she wasn't strong enough as the Student Council President, she was working so hard, I guess.
Sayo: ... However, I've never thought of Shirokane-san as unreliable as the Student Council President.
Kanon: ?
Sayo: I believed she was not a person who would give up even if she gets lost.
Sayo: It's not only me, but I think the other members of the student council felt the same way.
Kanon: I see...
Kanon: I think she's a little bit alike when I hear you talk about that.
Sayo: Alike...?
Kanon: Yeah, Misaki-chan is also the type of person who wouldn't give up until the end.
Kanon: Hello, Happy World! has been through a lot up until now, and there were times when we didn't know what to do...
Kanon: Even though she says, "What should we do?" she never gives up and thinks about what she can do to make it work...
Kanon: That's the Misaki-chan I know.
Sayo: Matsubara-san, you also trust Okusawa-san.
Sayo: If Okusawa-san is that kind of person, I don't think you need to worry.
Sayo: But still...
Kanon: ? What's wrong?
Sayo: I just thought that a similar type of person has been appointed Student Council President for two generations in a row...
Kanon: Fufu, could it become a tradition of Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy's Student Council President?
Sayo: Maybe so. Uh, however...
Kanon: ?
Sayo: I wasn't worried about Shirokane-san's work as the Student Council President, but I just remembered one thing I was concerned about.
Sayo: She was serious and careful in her work... she was perfect as the Student Council President in that respect, but...
Sayo: When someone is in trouble or someone asks her to do something, she would sometimes take on things that were not the President's job...
Sayo: She often had a hard time because of that.
Kanon: Ah, ahaha... Rinko-chan's so kind.
Kanon: Ah, but... Misaki-chan might have said something like that too.
Sayo: Oh, really?
Kanon: Yeah. I remember she also helped with work that had nothing to do with the Student Council, and she seems to be having a hard time...
Sayo: I-I see.
Sayo: Maybe that's part of the tradition of Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy's Student Council President too.
Kanon: I'll tell Misaki-chan not to push herself too hard.


<Another Precious Person>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[Grand Stairs]

Marina: Haa--, I'm so tired! Today's RiNG concert was a great success!
Marina: I guess we're both tired after helping each other out. Let's get something to eat around here and go home...
Marina: Hmm, who's over there on the stairs? Oh, sitting over there is... Hey!
Kanon: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... Oh, uh, good evening.
Marina: What's the matter with you sitting over here? You look kind of down...
Kanon: Well, I was just thinking about something...
Marina: Were you thinking about... Charlotte-chan? I heard a little bit about it from Hagumi-chan.
Kanon: Yes. Things are getting a bit complicated between Kokoro-chan and her right now...
Kanon: I'm not sure of the details yet, but Charlotte-chan... seems to have some feelings against Kokoro-chan.
Marina: Charlotte-chan is Kokoro-chan's childhood friend, right? The two have finally reunited after so many years but with this in the way, it must be worrying.
Marina: Maybe it's been a while since they last met, and their feelings just didn't match? Did they start to feel weird when they were talking like they used to...?
Kanon: Well, no. It's not that they've had a bad relationship lately...
Kanon: It's like she's been mad at Kokoro for a long time...
Marina: What do you mean, "for a long time"... Eh? You mean she's been mad for years?
Kanon: Yes. And she wants to take revenge on Kokoro-chan... She even comes to interfere with Hello, Happy World! activities...
Marina: W-well, that sounds like a pretty deep-seated problem. It must be hard for Kanon-chan and the others, too, because it affects your activities...
Kanon: Oh, well, that's tough too... but I'm a little more worried about something else...
Marina: Something else?
Kanon: Charlotte-chan, she's at Hanasakigawa as an exchange student, but she's thinking so much about taking revenge that she seems to have been absent from school.
Kanon: Even after she came all the way to Japan and met some of her classmates...
Kanon: What if she has to go back to France just like that, that would be kind of sad, I thought...
Marina: Kanon-chan...
Kanon: I don't know anything about the details, so I can't tell her not to get mad at Kokoro-chan...
Kanon: But I also hope that she'll turn her attention to other things and go home with good memories.
Kanon: That's how I feel...
Marina: .... Kanon-chan is so kind.
Marina: You tend to be protective of Kokoro-chan, since you've known her for a long time, but you're very worried about Charlotte-chan too.
Kanon: Kokoro-chan is also an important friend of mine...
Kanon: But Charlotte-chan is my friend too!
Marina: When I hear you say that, I kind of feel like everything's okay.
Marina: After all, there's someone who cares like you, Kanon-chan, beside Kokoro-chan and Charlotte-chan.
Kanon: Marina-san...
Kanon: Um, thank you very much. I'll think some more about whether there's anything I can do to help out.
Marina: Yeah, I'll be rooting for you. Good luck, Kanon-chan!
