2353_Kanon Matsubara_R5 Plum Blossoms in the Winter Sky

Skill name: Finding Little Joys
Gacha phrase: I was just thinking those plum blossoms over there are blooming a little.

<A Lovely Little Detour>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Main Street]

Kanon: That pancake kitty was soooo cute.
Chisato: Yeah. The pawprint latte art was adorable too.
Kanon: Stuff like that makes me feel bad about messing it up...
Chisato: Fufu. You said the same thing at the cafe too, Kanon.
Kanon: Fuee...! I-I just...
Kanon: But it's so cute, I end up ordering it again anyway.
Chisato: Yeah. Next time we go, let's order it together. I'm looking forward to it.
Kanon: Mm-hm. I wanna go on another little trip like today.
Chisato: Right. I never thought we'd be able to make it all the way to a cafe this far away... We've really grown since back then.
Kanon: Fufu. We didn't even get lost today.
Chisato: I did panic a little when it seemed like we might take the wrong transfer...
Kanon: Ehehe...
Chisato: At this rate, I think we can try somewhere even farther.
Chisato: Kanon, is there a place you’ve been curious about-
Chisato: ...Huh? Kanon?
Kanon: ...Ah... It walked away...
Chisato: Why did you stop over there?
Kanon: Ah. Sorry, Chisato-chan.
Kanon: I just saw a kitten walking over that way.
Kanon: It was a calico cat, like the figure at that cafe earlier, and it was so cute...
Chisato: Oh, I see.
Chisato: For a second, I thought you got lost again, Kanon.
Kanon: Lost...
Kanon: ...Hey, Chisato-chan. Since we're here anyway, wanna take a little detour?
Chisato: Sure... Is there somewhere you want to go?
Kanon: No. It's not that...
Kanon: I was thinking it might be nice to take it easy, and just walk wherever the two of us feel like.
Chisato: Fufu, that doesn't sound bad.
Kanon: Ehehe, good.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Kanon: Look, they have canned corn potage in that vending machine. Sometimes I just get a craving for this stuff, you know~.
Chisato: Fufu, it really is perfect for a slightly chilly day.
Kanon: All right, I’ve decided. I’m getting corn potage.
Chisato: Then maybe I’ll get the same.
Kanon: Fufu, the warmth of the can is nice too~.
Kanon: Then let’s take a break on that bench over there.
Chisato: Yeah. It’s right in the sun, so it looks nice and warm.
Chisato: Still, I can’t believe there was a park like this nearby... I never even noticed.
Chisato: If you hadn’t invited me, Kanon, I might’ve never known about it.
Kanon: Fufu. I’m glad to hear you say that.
Kanon: Oh, you know, it reminded me of what Nanami-chan said the other day. That my getting lost is kind of like taking a detour.
Chisato: A detour... Fufu, that’s a pretty exciting way to put it.
Kanon: Right? I thought so too.
Kanon: So, I wanted to try taking one of those “detours” with you, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: Oh... You really felt that way?
Chisato: Fufu, I’m so happy. This ended up being a wonderful “detour” for me, too.
Kanon: Really?
Chisato: Yes, really.
Chisato: That sunny bench, and that warm corn potage... I never would have noticed them if I wasn't with you, Kanon.
Chisato: So please, keep showing me lots of wonderful things I'd never find on my own.
Kanon: Yeah, of course!
Kanon: ...Ah.
Chisato: Oh? Did you find something already?
Kanon: Um, over there...
(White cut)
(Background change)


<A Senpai Someday>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew, it's cold again today. Wanna grab something warm to drink?
Kanon: Ah... Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Oh, Kanon-chan! Happy New Year!
Kanon: Happy New Year. I look forward to working with you again this year.
Marina: Same to you. Kanon-chan, are you here to buy a drink too?
Kanon: Yes. I really like their winter-limited Classical Chocolate.
Marina: Huh, I've never ordered that before... Maybe I'll get it too.
Marina: Oh, that reminds me... I heard from Nanami-chan. You all went to get goshuin for New Year's, right?
Kanon: That's right. Originally, Eve-chan and I were going to get goshuin together, but...
Kanon: It all started when I got lost... and then Ako-chan, Tae-chan, and Nanami-chan ended up coming along too.
Marina: I see. Nanami-chan said it turned into a really fun New Year's for her.
Kanon: Oh, really? We ended up inviting them so suddenly, but I'm glad to hear that...
Kanon: I'm sure it would've been fun if it stayed just Eve-chan and me, too. But I had a great time going with everyone.
Kanon: And... something happened that really stuck with me...
Marina: Oh yeah?
Kanon: Yes. Actually, at the shrine where I went to get a goshuin, I ended up getting separated from everyone again...
Kanon: Nanami told me that the reason I get lost is because I notice more things than everyone else does...
Kanon: And she said that me getting lost is just a detour, and it made me really happy.
Marina: Fufu, that's such a wonderful way to look at it.
Kanon: Yes. Thanks to that, I started to think that getting lost isn't always a bad thing.
Kanon: Of course, I still have to make sure I don't cause trouble for anyone.
Marina: I see. Maybe this time gave you a chance to think about getting lost in a more positive way.
Kanon: Yeah. That's what I'm hoping to do.
Kanon: Also, Nanami really helped me out...
Kanon: So if there's ever a time when Nanami's worried about something, I hope I can help, too.
Marina: Yeah, yeah. That's a wonderful New Year's resolution.
Kanon: Yes. After everything she did for me, I want to show her I can be dependable as a senpai.
Marina: I'm sure you can, Kanon-chan. --Oh, sorry. I got carried away chatting.
Marina: Wanna go buy that menu item you told me about earlier?
Kanon: Fufu, let's do that.
