event183-07 Ending: Feel Our Song!

The girls give CHiSPA the song. What does the look in Natsuki's eye say...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Studio - Lobby]

Kasumi: Well?!
Natsuki: ... It's a great song! Like, really great!
Kasumi: Right?! It totally blew our minds the first time we heard it!
Rimi: Figuring how to arrange it was so exciting. We just couldn't wait to bring the lyrics and music to life.
Arisa: It's got speed and gives you that sense that something new's about to begin... Seriously, O-Tae, how'd you even come up with that chord progression...?
Tae: I went to go look at the morning sun with Saya because Natsuki said it's one of the things she likes. That's how I found it.
Natsuki: Huh, I had no idea... Thanks.
Saya: Well, what do you think, Natsu? Do you like it?
Natsuki: Absolutely! I never thought we'd get something this good...
Natsuki: And it's not just the melody either... These lyrics... They make this brand new view spread out before me and give me this urge to sprint forward...!
Saya: Thanks. I really enjoyed writing them. Plus, I got the chance to think a lot about the current CHiSPA.
Natsuki: Saya...
Natsuki: You know... I've been wanting to find out what goes on in your head these days too.
Saya: So that's why you asked me to write whatever I wanted.
Natsuki: Uh-huh. And now I know after reading these lyrics. They show how amazing you are for writing them and also how much freer you are now compared to back then.
Saya: Well, just like you, I have been doing band stuff for a while.
Rimi: Do you think you can memorize the song in time for your music event?
Natsuki: Don't worry! After getting a song like this, we'll memorize it no matter what!
Kasumi: Sigh~. Now that we've given away our song, I'm feeling kinda sad~.
Rimi: We did work on it pretty hard. It feels like we're sending away a child of ours.
Kasumi: Take care of yourself, all right~? And go out there and do us proud~.
Arisa: Think you're getting into the whole parent thing a bit too much... Not that I don't get where you're coming from.
Tae: Treat her good, will you?
Natsuki: Ahaha... Looks like we've got a huge responsibility as the performers.
Kasumi: Ah~, I really wanna do a show now! Hey, why don't we do one this weekend?!
Arisa: Don't think we can, not this suddenly anyway. CiRCLE's fully booked for a whole month too.
Kasumi: Aw~, but I finished my assignment, and you and Rimi-rin are done with your stuff! I really want us to do a show and just let loose~!
Tae: Same here! Playing the guitar's become even more fun after working on the song.
Arisa: You too, O-Tae?! Uh~, how about we use my basement...? Oh, but I dunno if Marina-san'll let us borrow equipment again...
Natsuki: Hey... This isn't quite our way of saying thank you for the song or anything, but if you'd all like...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Live House]

Natsuki: Thanks so much for coming to today's event!
Natsuki: To close it out, we'd like to introduce a special guest!
Kasumi: Hi~! We're~...
Poppin'Party: Poppin'Party!
Natsuki: This last song we're going to be performing was written for us by them!
Kasumi: It'll be our first time performing with CHiSPA, and we're super excited!
Rimi: I'm not sure how well we can play together, and I'm a bit nervous, but I hope all of you have fun with us!
Tae: All right, Saya, the count.
Saya: Sure. Hey, O-Tae...
Tae: ...?
Saya: ... Actually, never mind.
Tae: ...? If you say so~.
Saya: (I hope my music reaches all of you...)
Saya: Ready...? One, two, three, four!
(White cut)
(Background change)
