event183-02 Chapter 1: Natsuki's Wish

Saya is unsure what to do about Natsuki's request, but Tae has an idea.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[A Few Hours Later]

[Walking Home]

Saya: Hmm~... What to do~...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saya: Huh? You want us to write a song for you guys?
Natsuki: Yeah.
Natsuki: We're working on a new one for the event, and we've been trying to get it to feel fresh, but...
Natsuki: Everything always ends up sounding just like all our other songs...
Saya: I see... Well, having the same people doing the writing would do that, but it's also what gives CHiSPA its own special color.
Natsuki: That's why the idea came up that it'd be cool to maybe get you guys to write the song, but it looks like you're all busy, so no pressure or anything...
Saya: All right... I'll see what everyone thinks.
Natsuki: You will?! Thanks a bunch!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saya: I know what I said, but... everyone is a little busy now... Hmm~...
Tae: Ah, Saya.
Saya: O-Tae? What're you doing at this hour?
Tae: I'm on my way to the station. I've got the urge to play the guitar. What about you? Did you get to have that talk with Natsuki?
Saya: Yeah...
Tae: ...? Are you okay? It looks like something's on your mind.
Saya: Well~, you see...
(Black cut)
Tae: Oh~! CHiSPA's song! That sounds so fun! Let's do it!
Saya: I want to as well, but...
Saya: I don't know about saying yes... Everyone's pretty busy...
Saya: And with the show coming up fairly soon, it might be hard for everyone to make enough time to write a song...
Tae: Then we can write it!
Saya: We? As in you and me?
Tae: Yup. I come up with the melody, you handle the lyrics. Everyone else can do the arranging.
Tae: That way, we should be able to finish by the end of the week!
Saya: I suppose it could work for just one song, but...
Saya: Me do the lyrics, huh...? I'm not sure I'd be able to~...
Tae: It'll be fine. You know CHiSPA the best, and I wanna try writing a melody to go with your lyrics!
Tae: Plus, it's not like we get the chance every day to do a song for another band. Let's give it a shot!
Saya: True... All right, you've convinced me. Let's bring it up with everyone tomorrow.
Tae: Yay~! Now you're talking!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Saya: ... So there you have it. What do you think?
Kasumi: I'm all for it! We should totally do this!
Arisa: Writing a song for someone else, huh...? It'll be a first, and it looks interesting enough. Most importantly, it's CHiSPA asking us. We've got no reason to say no.
Rimi: I'm pretty interested in arranging a song by you and O-Tae-chan.
Tae: Did you hear that, Saya?
Saya: Yeah. Thanks, guys... I'll let Natsu know we'll do it.
Kasumi: Oh~, I really can't wait to listen to what you guys come up with~!
Arisa: Hey, home ec assignment, remember? You get to work on it while you wait. You seriously better finish it.
Kasumi: I-I know~. Why do you think I have this apron during our lunch break?
Arisa: Lemme see that... Gah, you haven't made any progress! How can you pretty much still be sewing the same part I saw when I looked this morning?!
Kasumi: I-it's just been so fun chatting with you guys~...
Arisa: ... Fine. I've clearly gotta keep my eye on you until you turn that thing in. You and me both have work after school.
Kasumi: Seriously~?!
Tae: Hey, what do you think about this intro?
Rimi: Wait, you came up with the introduction already, O-Tae-chan?
Tae: Yeah! And here's the first verse that follows... Well?
Saya: Hmm~. I like how it feels, but... I'm not sure CHiSPA's quite so rock 'n' roll...
Tae: Oh? Then how about something like this?
Arisa: I dunno~... Sounds pretty amazing, but it's not quite clicking somehow...
All: ...
Saya: ... You know, the reason we're not getting the right feel might be because we don't really know the current CHiSPA.
Saya: Even I only know the old them, so I'm actually not too sure I can write good lyrics that'll fit who they are now.
Arisa: Makes sense... We do see their shows a lot, but we might not know much about how they roll as a band or what's important to them.
Saya: If only we could find out more about the things they've seen and how they think...
Tae: Let's go ask Natsuki then! We should be able to get some hints that'll help us write their song.
Saya: Ah, good idea. I'll text her to see if we can meet after school today.
Kasumi: I wanna go too! It sounds like so much fun~!
Arisa: Kasumi~...
Kasumi: Er... I-I know, I know~...
Saya: Okay, me and O-Tae will come up with a great song, so just sit tight!
