event183-04 Chapter 3: Nothing Rivals the Guitar

Saya gets hints for the song thanks to Natsuki. Inspiration strikes Tae.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Walking Home]

Tae: Phew~, the night breeze sure feels nice.
Saya: Spring evenings are so warm that they make me want to keep walking forever.
Tae: I love this time of the year. It feels so nice to play the guitar outside. Ah, wanna go do a street performance now?
Saya: Uh~, now? I sort of want to go home and work on the song.
Tae: Okay. We did get a lot of info out of Natsuki, I guess.
Saya: Definitely. I got to find out so many things I never knew... Makes me feel like I've gotten a glimpse of what Natsu's been through.
Tae: What our bands have seen may be different, but what we've felt might actually be pretty similar.
Saya: It's probably 'cause there are feelings that everyone in a band ends up experiencing.
Saya: Happiness, frustration... joy, sadness...
Tae: Uh-huh. And I think it also means the best approach to the song is going to be to include the feelings our band experiences have given us.
Tae: That should make it relatable for CHiSPA.
Saya: Yeah... I feel the same way.
Saya: (What I've felt by being in Poppin'Party... I'll try using my own words to put those feelings just as they are into the song.)
Tae: By the way, CHiSPA sure loves that live house, huh?
Saya: For sure. It's probably kind of like what CiRCLE is for us. A special place, you know?
Tae: Live houses and studios are so incredible. You get to be right there to witness the moment music is born and even share your joys and grow with all sorts of bands.
Saya: Yeah. You know their drummer Sato-chan, right? Natsu mentioned before that they met her at a studio.
Tae: Studios help people meet and form connections... And supporting bands by doing those things is what makes working at one so fun for me.
Saya: Supporting bands, huh...? That's kind of nice.
Saya: Ah, it's Rimi-rin. She says she'll be able to help out a bit since cram school just ended... How about we head to my place now and-
Tae: Ah!
Saya: Wh-what is it?
Tae: I just came up with a great phrase that I want you to hear! Oh, but I don't have my guitar. C'mon, let's go!
Saya: Huh? W-wait!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanazono Residence - Tae's Room]

Tae: ... What do you think? Pretty good phrase, right?
Saya: Yeah! It's like... the one yesterday was still you...
Saya: And this might not make much sense... but what you just played on the guitar now was neither you nor Poppin'Party...
Tae: Really? Yay~.
Saya: You know, you really surprised me when you suddenly ran off.
Tae: I know, but I started hearing that new phrase, and I was worried it would fly off if I didn't play it.
Tae: Don't worry though. I have it firmly in my grasp. Hm-hm-hmm~♪
Saya: Fufu, your guitar's so lucky it gets to be played with such joy~.
Saya: Hey, have you ever wanted to play a different instrument?
Tae: Nope. I knew the guitar was the one for me the moment we met.
Tae: Nothing rivals it. Just six strings are all it takes to express joy, sadness, and anything really.
Tae: It transcends language and lets you connect with people in the past and the future.
Saya: What's this about the past and future...?
Tae: When I listen to music by guitarists from way back, I can tell what they're thinking. So maybe people in the future will know what I'm feeling when they hear my music.
Tae: That's how it lets you connect with people no matter what time they're from. The connections it can form are limitless.
Saya: ... I see. I get the feeling you'll be playing the guitar this way forever.
Tae: What? I stop when I get hungry.
Saya: Uh, that's not how I meant it... Fufu, maybe playing the guitar is the same as breathing for you.
Tae: I think so. You don't see air, but it's always right there, so that makes it just like my guitar.
Rimi: Hi~.
Tae: Ah, Rimi!
Saya: Hey, Rimi-rin. Thanks for coming at this hour.
Rimi: It's okay. I want to help. Here, I brought a little something for both of you.
Tae: Oh~, cheesecake. Is this from that cake place that just opened near the station?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. The one my mom got for me the other day was really good, so I went and bought some. Feel free to have a bite whenever you want. I'll put it on the table.
Rimi: ... Hm? Is this what I think it is...?
Saya: Yeah, it's our school pamphlet. We were going through it to remind us of the things we've been through as a band.
Tae: Brings back memories of when we worked on it, doesn't it?
Rimi: It really does. I remember you taking the photo on the cover, Saya-chan, and all of us waking up early to go to school.
Tae: This pamphlet's how we came up with that song, wasn't it? I guess this goes to show you that we also get our music from our experiences.
Saya: We've been through so much together, so we have that many more songs as well. I wonder how many...
Rimi: Ah, before I forget. Saya-chan, O-Tae-chan. Here. Maybe this will help.
Saya: ...The Poppin'Party Composing Notebook?
Rimi: I put together the notes I've written down when writing our music.
Rimi: It's my way of trying to do what I can since I can't be with you as much as I'd like... I know it might not be that useful, but...
Saya: No way, this'll be a huge help! Thanks so much!
Tae: Our song's gonna be even better now!
Rimi: Just let me know if you run into trouble, okay? I'll do whatever I can.
Tae & Saya: Okay!
