event183-01 Opening: CHiSPA's Live!

After CHiSPA's show, Poppin'Party goes to their dressing room to say hi.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Early Morning]

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: That should be the last of the curry bread that needs to be bagged. Now I just...
Saya: Ah, it's from O-Tae.
Saya: "Bet you can't wait for today's concert. I know I can't."
Saya: Fufu, she even posted a photo... This rock looks just like a rabbit.
Saya: "Yeah. Really excited." ... There we go.
Saya: All right... Dad~, could you bring the sandwiches over~?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Evening]

[Live House]

Natsuki: ... We're CHiSPA, and thanks for coming to our show today!
Kasumi: Ooh~! They were so cool, huh~?
Rimi: Mm-hmm, there was no hesitation in their music, and it really felt like the four of them played as one... It was definitely a nice performance.
Arisa: The crowd was really on fire too.
Saya: Yeah. That sense of unity in the venue was pretty incredible~. I even worked up a huge sweat from the workout I got.
Tae: Hey, why don't we go to the dressing room to say hi?
Kasumi: Great idea! Let's go~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Kasumi: Hi~!
Rimi: Wow, it's packed.
Arisa: Well, they did just finish performing, and everyone loved the band showdown. I'm not surprised other people are also here to say hi.
Saya: Now, where's Natsu...? Ah, there she is. Hey~, Natsu~!
Natsuki: Ah, Saya! Guys!
Kasumi: That was a great show~! You were amazing~!
Tae: Nice singing and guitar playing there, Natsuki.
Natsuki: Really? Ahaha, you're making me kinda blush.
Saya: Fufu, don't know if it was just me, but you seemed pretty nervous when you first showed up on stage, Natsu.
Natsuki: Ah, was it that obvious...? Still haven't been able to get over that initial anxiety~.
Rimi: By the way, when you were making announcements during the last emcee segment, you said something about hosting a music event...
Natsuki: Yeah, a bunch of us bands who play at this live house often are getting together. CHiSPA's headlining it.
Arisa: I can see why you were fired up then. Have to put on a good show to bring in a crowd.
Kasumi: So, do you have new songs and stuff?
Natsuki: Ah, yeah. You could say so...
Tae: I can't wait then. Your music sounds so different from ours. Makes it exciting to listen to.
Natsuki: ... Hey, do you mind if I ask you what you thought of our last song?
Tae: Hm? It was nice.
Natsuki: Actually, I'm more wondering how you guys would've arranged it~.
Tae: Well~, I'd probably throw in a solo part after the second chorus. It'd give the song more speed and color.
Kasumi: If it were me, I'd include some background singing after the first verse! By Arisa!
Arisa: By me?! Well, our songs do have background vocals a lot...
Natsuki: Hmm~, guitar solo... and background vocals... Interesting...
Natsuki's Friend: Nice show, Natsuki~! Guess who's come to say hi~!
Saya: Ah, we should probably go now.
Kasumi: Aw~, we've barely even started chatting~.
Arisa: Stop being so childish. We're not the only ones who want some time with them.
Arisa: And Kasumi... You haven't forgotten your promise, have you? About doing that home ec assignment after the show.
Kasumi: I-I remember, of course~. It's due this week, right? Ah, I know. How about we do some band practice in your basement first, and then I can work on it?
Arisa: Not happening! In the first place, I've got student council stuff, and Rimi has to go to cram school.
Rimi: I'm sorry, Kasumi-chan. There's a cram school routine exam coming up...
Kasumi: Oh well~... Okay...
Saya: All right, Natsu. Good luck with hosting the music event.
Tae: We'll come see you again. Bye~!
Natsuki: Thanks so much for coming!
Natsuki: Ah, Saya... Got some time later?
Saya: Sure. What is it?
