event183-05 Chapter 4: I Want to Do Better

The reception to the finished song is good, but something is on Saya's mind...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: ... What do you think?
Kasumi: I think it's good!
Kasumi: Listening to the song brought back memories of all the things we've been through as a band!
Rimi: Yes. It felt so familiar and warm... The melody's a perfect fit for CHiSPA, and I think they'll relate to the lyrics a lot.
Arisa: Agreed. I can totally see them singing this at their show.
Arisa: You guys did great. Time for the rest of us to get to arranging it then, huh?
Tae: ...
Rimi: Is something wrong, O-Tae-chan?
Tae: I'm just wondering if this is the song we want.
Tae: CHiSPA and Natsuki are looking for something they've never felt before. This song's good and all, but...
Saya: ... Actually, I'm kind of wondering the same thing.
Saya: It does suit them, and the words are something anyone who's in a band can probably relate to.
Saya: But like you said, it doesn't have anything that's exactly brand new...
Saya: I don't want to turn a blind eye to something like this.
Saya: Do you think we can work on it a bit more to make it feel right?
Tae: Of course! Let's keep going at it until we're satisfied.
Arisa: Well, we don't have to hand it over until the day after tomorrow, so we can still barely make it somehow...
Arisa: ... This being CHiSPA's song and all, I get why you don't wanna compromise.
Saya: There's that... but having worked on the song with O-Tae makes me want to do better.
Rimi: Saya-chan...
Kasumi: Ah~, I wanna help too~.
Arisa: You're almost done with your assignment, so that's what you should be focusing on.
Arisa: Not to mention, this one should go to Saya, you know...?
Saya: Thanks, Kasumi, but I'll manage. I intend to write all the lyrics on my own for this one.
Saya: I had no idea how hard lyrics could be though. It's like you have to do some introspecting... and you have to try to find words you can't see...
Saya: I've always known what you do is amazing, but having to do it myself showed me just how much. So if I get really stuck, do you think I could come to you for a bit of help?
Kasumi: Of course! You can count on me...! Ah, I just remembered. Saya, O-Tae, here!
Saya: Are these... felt stars...?
Kasumi: Yeah, they're star charms! There's one for each of us! Me and Arisa made them while working on the home ec assignment!
Arisa: Only 'cause you were really insistent about making matching ones...
Kasumi: Give it a squeeze if you get stuck! I'm sure it'll help you come up with some good ideas!
Saya: Kasumi, Arisa...
Arisa: Well, uh, try not to overdo it, and let me know too if you need a hand, all right?
Tae: Thanks! Now that we've got these star charms, the song's going to be a masterpiece for sure!
Saya: Yeah! We'll do our best to make it good and worth the wait!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Hours Later]

[Yamabuki Residence - Saya's Room]

Saya: Ah, I like that phrase just now!
Tae: Right? I'll use it for the second verse.
Saya: Let me rework the lyrics for this part then...
Jun: Ah, it's O-Tae.
Saya: Jun, don't call her that! Be more respectful!
Sana: Oh~, a guitar~! Show me how to play~!
Saya: Hey, that's enough, you two. We're busy right now. Just wait until the next-
Tae: Sure, come on over! Here. Hold the guitar.
(White cut)
Sana: How do you do the... D...? The thing you showed me last time.
Tae: Use your pointer and middle finger to hold these strings down... Then strum with your right hand.
Sana: Um~, like this...? Ah, it made a sound~!
Tae: Wow, Sanan, good job! That sounded even happier than last time!
Sana: It did? Hooray~! Teach me something else, will you?!
Jun: No fair, my turn next~!
Saya: That's enough, you two. If you don't go to bed now, you're not going to be able to wake up tomorrow morning. Now off you go.
Jun: Okay~.
Sana: Let's play together again, okay~?
(White cut)
Saya: Fufu... Looks like they were a bit excited to see you because it's been a while since your last visit. Sorry about the interruption.
Tae: I don't mind at all. It makes me really happy to see them so interested in the guitar.
Saya: That's good. You know, I had no idea you could handle little kids so well.
Tae: Oh? All I'm doing is having fun with them.
Tae: Not to mention, enjoying music will let them meet lots of people.
Saya: Meet lots of people?
Tae: Yeah. Ever since I discovered the guitar when I was about Sanan's age, I've been playing it... And it was the guitar that brought me together with you and everyone.
Tae: If you ask me, the joy music brings doesn't just come from the sounds you make; it also comes from the people you get to meet.
Tae: Just look at us. Our love of music brought us together.
Tae: So thanks, Saya. For always loving music.
Saya: S-sure... Hearing you come out and say it right to my face is kind of embarrassing though...
Tae: It is? But I sometimes use my guitar to say "Thanks for being in Poppin'Party with me." Too bad my feelings never reached you. I guess I'll use words to tell you now.
Saya: I-it's all right... You've made your feelings pretty clear.
Tae: Okay, then let's get back to the song! We're almost there.
Saya: Yeah. Something's still missing though... I wonder what it is...
Saya's Mother: Tae-chan, you're welcome to stay for dinner, if you'd like.
Tae: Yay, dinner!
