event183-03 Chapter 2: O-Tae's Interview

Saya and Tae are at the studio CHiSPA uses. Natsuki shares her thoughts.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki)

[After School]

[Studio - Lobby]

Natsuki: Ah, there you guys are. Hey~, over here.
Saya: Natsu! Thanks for making time for us.
Natsuki: It's the least I can do. Thanks for agreeing to work on our song. Mayu and the others are really happy.
Tae: And I got to play the guitar a whole lot during lunch.
Saya: So this is the studio you guys usually hang out at, huh?
Natsuki: Yeah. We always practice here after school because it's near Fumika and Mayu's school.
Saya: The posters on the walls and the lighting are all different from CiRCLE. Even the sounds coming from the rooms are different. Everything feels so new.
Tae: All right, can we start asking you about CHiSPA?
Natsuki: Of course! Ask me anything!
Tae: So, what's important to you guys when you write songs?
Natsuki: Hmm~, I'd say being ourselves and keeping things simple.
Natsuki: We try not to do anything too fancy. Our audience also has a better time when we get to enjoy performing.
Natsuki: It's something we came to realize after spending so much time as a band. So, yeah. Our basic approach is keep it simple!
Tae: Interesting. That's an important band keyword. We shouldn't make the song's structure complicated then.
Tae: Next question. What do you guys usually do when you get together to celebrate after a concert?
Saya: Um, what...?
Tae: This is super important. I always look forward to the bread you bring when we celebrate.
Tae: I've even come up with new phrases while thinking of how yummy they were.
Saya: O-oh...
Natsuki: Ahaha. You might have a point about the importance of those celebrations. It's where we do end up talking about stuff like what we want to do as a band.
Natsuki: Now that I think about it, it's how we got the idea to go on a trip to practice during summer last year.
Saya: Ah, you mentioned that one before! You stayed at a guesthouse by some mountains, right?
Natsuki: That's the one. We even took our instruments with us, not that they saw much use. We were playing in the river and doing tests of courage at night instead~.
Natsuki: After laying out our mattresses, we wouldn't sleep either because we'd be talking until the sun came up.
Saya: Fufu, sounds familiar, doesn't it?
Tae: Yeah. Reminds me of when all of us went to look at the stars.
Natsuki: So, we didn't get much practice, but none of us minded since thinking about all the fun we had during the trip helped us come up with a song.
Natsuki: Hmm... You know, I'd actually say our personal experiences might also be important to us when it comes to writing music.
Tae: I see, I see. Personal experiences... then.
Saya: (... Interesting. It looks like O-Tae's naturally managing to dig up hints we can use for the song...)
Saya: (She might actually have a surprisingly good knack for getting people to talk...)
Tae: Does this all mean you guys don't fight, then?
Natsuki: Actually, we do. A lot. Sometimes, really minor things can make us skip practice, but we also make up easily before we know it.
Saya: ... Oh.
Natsuki: Yeah. But having been through so much is also why I want to keep taking good care of our band. We do go all the way back to middle school, after all.
Tae: Okay, what brings you the most joy about being in a band?
Natsuki: Hmm~, probably people in the audience saying how much they enjoyed a show we just put on.
Natsuki: Other than that... I'd have to say it's bringing in a lot of people for this live house.
Saya: Really?
Natsuki: Yup, this place means a lot to us.
Natsuki: Back when we couldn't get anyone to come to our shows, the people here were there to cheer us up.
Natsuki: And the first time we got a decent crowd, the manager, who's usually the silent type, congratulated us for keeping at it and even baked us a cake.
Natsuki: So, this place... it's really important to us. You could say it's helped us grow.
Saya: Ah... Looks like every live house has their own stories.
Natsuki: Think I've gone on long enough. Thanks for listening to me ramble.
Saya: Anytime. I'm glad I got the chance to find out what CHiSPA's been through.
Saya: All right, one last question. Is there anything, in particular, you want included in the lyrics?
Natsuki: Hmm~, honestly~, it'd be nice if you could just write what you want.
Saya: Um, that's not giving me much to work with~.
Tae: Maybe you could talk about what you like instead then!
Natsuki: What I like? Uh, there's chocolate crepe, sodas... the smell of soap, and the sunshine when I wake up in the morning, I guess...
Saya: Consider me even more unsure what to write now...
Natsuki: Ahaha. No need to overthink things. I suppose if I have to make a request... I'd maybe want something I've never felt. Like a brand new feeling.
Saya: Could you explain a bit?
Natsuki: The feeling of opening a door you've never opened before... and sprinting forward to see what lies beyond... It'd be great if the song could give me that.
Saya: A brand new feeling you've never had, huh...?
