event183-06 Chapter 5: Shining Anew

Early morning. As Saya continues to struggle, she has a visitor...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki)

[The Next Morning]

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Hmm~...
Saya: Thinking overnight hasn't helped me come up with anything.
Saya: And we're so close to finishing it too~...
Tae: Morning, Saya.
Saya: O-Tae?! What're you doing here?
Tae: Let's go.
Saya: Huh? Go? Go where...?
Tae: I'm borrowing Saya for a bit.
Saya: But I still need to help Dad get ready to open the bakery... O-Tae?! W-wait...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy -  Sports Field]

Saya: Huff... Huff... Wh-why'd you suddenly start running...?
Tae: Doesn't this remind you of how we dragged everyone to CiRCLE during the first Girls Band Party?
Saya: Th-that's not quite what I'm asking...
Tae: I figured it out. If we want our song to be about brand new feelings, we need to do something new.
Tae: Remember how Natsuki said she likes the morning sunshine? It hit me while I was looking at our school pamphlet.
Tae: I've never played the guitar out on the school sports field in the morning.
Tae: And once I started thinking about how good that'd feel, I couldn't sit still anymore.
Saya: So... that's why you brought me here?
Tae: Yup. I want you to be at my side and hear me play.
Tae: Ready?
Tae: ...♪
Saya: (... Wow. The morning air's being filled with the sound of her guitar...)
Tae: Ah, look. The sun's coming up.
(White cut)
Saya: It's... beautiful...
Tae: It is, isn't it? Just look at how everything's being lit up and how sparkly and bright the light is.
Tae: Ah...! I can feel it coming...!
Tae: Ahaha! This is it! This is the kind of music I've been wanting to play!
Saya: (O-Tae and the field are being bathed in white light...)
Saya: (The only sound there is is the sound of her guitar. With nothing to hold it back, it's just echoing so freely...)
Saya: (... This is all so breathtaking.)
Saya: (The school building and the trees by the gate I've seen a million times look so bright now...)
Saya: (It's as if what's everyday for me is being melted away...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tae: ... Phew, how did that sound? It was a good phrase, wasn't it?
Saya: Very. I've never heard music like it before. It was so free and sparkling brightly.
Saya: What I'm feeling right now... You did all that with the sound of your guitar. You really are amazing.
Saya: Thanks so much. 'Cause of you, I even have ideas for some great lyrics now.
Tae: You do?!
Saya: Yeah. Instead of using the past, I'm going to try putting my current feelings as they are into words.
Tae: I'm so glad things are working out on your end. Now that I have this awesome phrase, our song is as good as done!
Saya: Uh-huh. We're going to be able to give CHiSPA a great song. Thanks for making this possible...
Saya: It sure is bright though... isn't it?
Tae: Really bright. The sun's getting bigger. I had no idea the view from the field could be this pretty in the morning.
Saya: ... Mornings for me have always been something I'd see from behind the bakery window. I never knew they could look like this.
Tae: Yeah. It's still the same morning, but what you get to see can look so different depending on where you see it from.
Saya: Guess we didn't have to look far for that brand new feeling, huh...?
