event224-05 Chapter 4: PARE-PARE and Macchii-san

Cooperation brings changes to "PAREO-chan" and "Hiromachi-san."

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Rinko Shirokane, Nanami Hiromachi, Reona Nyubara)

PAREO (Reona): Where is the next room...? It is so dark that I cannot see anything.
Arisa: Ahh! What's going on?! Is something beeping?!
Hina: Space Patrol officers, can you hear me?! It seems something just hit the spaceship! We're making an emergency landing. Please brace yourselves!
Nanami: Ahh, it's so loud~.
Rinko: Kya...! Th-that scared me... Sparks shot out from some machines... Th-these special effects are amazing...
Hina: ... It seems like the ship landed safely...! But the alien invader is taking me to a church...
Hina: I only have a few moments left to talk to you. Everyone, please open the door in front of you...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Oh wow, it's a forest~. We're inside, but this set is incredible.
Arisa: Hey, I wonder if there are more hidden things here too. There are a lot of pieces of what looks like the ship we were just in sticking out of the ground...
Hina: Nah, you won't have to look around for little clues in here!
Nanami: Hrm? You sound like Hina-senpai and not "Galaxy Idol" Hina-chan now.
Hina: Explaining this area as the galaxy idol would take a little time~. Well, you're lucky 'cause for today only, you get to enjoy both versions!
Hina: By the way, the staff does a good job of explaining things during the regular game sessions, so don't worry!
Arisa: Y-you're so carefree...
Hina: Now, do you see the gate in the distance? This time, the rules are super simple: the players who make it to the gate without getting caught will go to the next room!
Arisa: Really~? It's that easy, eh...? Wait, the players who don't get caught...? So, does that mean there's something in here that's going to chase us?
Hina: Bingo, bingo~♪ Thanks for figuring that out so fast~. You're very close to the church, but there's a guard lurking around who's noticed you all are here!
Nanami: A guard... Is that the person near the gate wearing armor? They look kind of strong...
Hina: If the guard spots you, they'll capture you, and you'll be stuck. So approach carefully by hiding behind parts of the ship!
Hina: By the way, as long as the guard is holding someone captive, they can't capture anyone else!
Hina: You can either work together to get past the guard and through the gate, or one person can be a decoy while the other three go for the gate. You choose♪
Arisa: Say what?! Does that mean we just leave the other person behind?!
Hina: Yup~. Your job is to rescue me, so you don't have much of a choice do you, Space Patrol girls? Well, best of luck, guys! Bye~!
Arisa: A devil... That girl is no bride; she's a devil...!
PAREO (Reona): (Sigh~, even a devilish Hina-chan who toys with other's emotions so cheerfully is absolutely adorable~!)
Rinko: E-everyone... the guard is coming our way...
Arisa: C-crud! Alright, let's hide until it passes us!
Nanami: Ahh! Wait for me~.
PAREO (Reona): Nanami-san, this way!
(Black cut)
PAREO (Reona): ... It looks like the guard passed by without noticing us. I apologize for pulling you quickly like that.
Nanami: No, you saved me~.
Arisa: PAREO, you guys alright~?!
PAREO (Reona): Yes~, we are okay! I'm glad you and Rinko-san are safe too...!
Nanami: But what are we going to do? I'm not very fast... Ah, if you want, I could get caught by the guard, and you could go ahead.
PAREO (Reona): I would not let something like that happen to you! If we are forced to make a choice like that, I will be the one to make that sacrifice!
Nanami: PAREO-chan, it's okay to go for what you want. You want to leave this with a picture with Hina-senpai, right?
Nanami: Say more of what you want to do and be excited to do it. Arisa-senpai is worried you've been keeping kind of quiet today~.
PAREO (Reona): B-but I was the one who selfishly asked you all to come play this with me...!
PAREO (Reona): I don't want one to be the only one having fun, and I meant it when I said I didn't want to create an unfavorable experience of Pastel＊Palettes for you all...
PAREO (Reona): ...
Nanami: ... You're so considerate of others. It's like you're super good at telling how people are feeling.
PAREO (Reona): I-I am told that quite often...
Nanami: But I think you should be yourself and do what you want.
PAREO (Reona): ...!
Nanami: If you do that, then... Well, I'm sure you'll have way more fun that way.
PAREO (Reona): ... Maybe you are right...
PAREO (Reona): Be myself and do what I want... That is what I should do...!
Nanami: Yep. All I know is that we came here because we wanted to help you get a picture with Hina-senpai.
Nanami: So I want you to say whatever you want as much as you want today.
PAREO (Reona): Nanami-san...
Arisa: Hey~... Hey~, you two!
PAREO (Reona): Ah! Wh-what is it, Arisa-san!
Arisa: I figured out when we should go for the gate without getting seen by the guard. So when I give the signal, run like crazy!
Arisa: ... Go now!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Huff, huff... W-we managed to make it to the gate without being captured...!
Rinko: Y-yes... I thought we might be too slow and get caught...
PAREO (Reona): I see. The guard's route and the times they check behind them were always the same.
Nanami: Oh... Huff, huff... PAREO-chan, you're not out of breath at all...
PAREO (Reona): I am very confident in my stamina too!
Rinko: I-Ichigaya-san, thanks to you... taking notice of the guard's route, we were able to quickly find an escape route...
Arisa: No, no... I haven't helped with anything so far, so I had to at least do my part this time...!
Nanami: Wow, you and Rin-rin-senpai really are amazing. I'm sure we'll be the ones that'll go home with a picture with Hina-senpai. Don't you think so, PARE-PARE?
PAREO (Reona): ...! Yes, that's right, Macchii-san!
PAREO & Nanami: Uhuhu. Ehehe.
Arisa: They look like they're having a really good time, don't they?
Rinko: Fufu... They do...
PAREO (Reona): Ah, um, everyone!
Arisa: Hrm? What is it?
PAREO (Reona): I really wanted to take a picture with Hina-chan today... So, I definitely want us to finish first!
PAREO (Reona): I know I am being selfish, but please help me to do that!
Arisa & Rinko: ...
Arisa: Oh, for a second there, I wasn't sure what you were going to say. Of course we're going to do that.
Rinko: Let's go home with a picture together with Hina-san...
PAREO (Reona): ...! Thank you!
Nanami: Alright~, then let's do whatever it takes to get PARE-PARE to the goal first~!
All together: Yeah~!
