event224-03 Chapter 2: Ex-Student Council + PARE-Machi

The game begins. For the sake of clearing it, the team splits up.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Hina Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane, Nanami Hiromachi, Reona Nyubara)

[Escape Room]

Hina: ... Please...
All together: ...
Arisa: ... Huh?! That's it?! We don't even get a piece of paper with the problems on it?!
Nanami: Aren't these kinds of games supposed to start with something like, "Here's your first problem"?
Rinko: I'm not very familiar with escape room games that aren't console-based...
Rinko: But my theory is that when you don't know what to do, you should search your current surroundings...
PAREO (Reona): I see...! You're amazing, Rinko-san.
Rinko: N-no, you shouldn't praise me for something like that... But I'm happy if you found it useful...
PAREO (Reona): Well, our very first mission must be to find a clue as to what to do next!
Nanami: The other groups look like they're already searching around. Should we try splitting up and checking the room?
Rinko: Ah... If possible, I'd like us to search in pairs of two... It'll be easier to avoid missing things or remembering what we've seen...
PAREO (Reona): Understood. Let's form groups of two, then...
All together: ...
PAREO (Reona): (Groups of two...? I wonder what would be the best way to divide the four of us.)
Nanami: (Hmm~, what should we do? Until now, I've talked the most with only Arisa-senpai...)
Rinko: (I'd feel most comfortable being with Ichigaya-san... but I'm the oldest out of all of us, so I should probably consider what's best for the others...)
Arisa: (Rinko-senpai is the oldest, but I don't think she's comfortable in these kinds of situations, so it's best if I take charge... H-here I go!)
Arisa & Rinko: Um, I'll pair with anyone... Um, I'll pair with anyone...
Arisa & Rinko: Huh?!
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, you two were thinking the exact same thing♪
Nanami: I think it'd be good for those two to pair up as Team Old Hanasakigawa Student Council, and then you and I can be a pair.
Rinko: Huh...? U-um...
Arisa: I-I can be with anyone, really...!
Nanami: Alrighty~, Team PARE-Machi, let's do our best.
Arisa: T-Team PARE-Machi?
Nanami: Yep. It's me and PAREO-chan, so we're Team PARE-Machi~.
PAREO (Reona): How wonderful! I feel like playing is going to be even more exciting with such a cute name♪
PAREO (Reona): Team PARE-Machi will search the right side of the room, so you two please search the other side. Let's meet on the pink floor when we're finished looking around!
Nanami: Okay, Team PARE-Machi, let's go~.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, PAREO~!
Rinko: Ah... They left...
Arisa: That they did... Well, Team Old Hanasakigawa Student Council, shall we go...?
Rinko: Fufufu... Yes, let's get started...
(Black cut)

[A Few Minutes Later]

Arisa: Did you see anything that looked like a clue over there...?
PAREO (Reona): N-no... I tried opening all the doors and drawers, but they seemed to be locked or made not to open in the first place...
Arisa: Yeah, we had the exact same thing over there.
Nanami: There's what looks to be some kind of alien language written here and there, but I can't make heads or tails of it~.
Arisa: Oh, you mean the things written all over the place, like the walls and other small objects?
PAREO (Reona): Perhaps it is some sort of guide or explanation?
Arisa: Even if it is, without some kind of hint, we can't read it. They looked more like symbols than words to me.
PAREO (Reona): Hmm~, we still do not have anything that seems to be of any help... Rinko-san, what do you think?
Rinko: The fact that nothing seems to be a clue... could actually mean that given our situation, there may be something we can figure out...
PAREO (Reona): Our situation... For instance, the fact that there are two other groups... than us in here?
Rinko: Yes... If another group is able to leave this room, what would you do...?
Nanami: I might follow them.
Rinko: Me too... But if one group discovers a way out, and the other groups don't have to solve any problems, then it wouldn't be much of a game for them...
Arisa: Th-that's a good point...!
PAREO (Reona): Could it be that the way to escape this room is different for each group?
Rinko: I think it's very likely... If so, the first clue is hidden in a place where the other groups can't accidentally find or hide it...
Arisa: Where could that be...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Hina: If you try to escape through the other gates, the spaceship will explode. So be careful to stay away from the floor of other groups...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Arisa: Ah...!
PAREO (Reona): So that means there is something around this glowing floor...!
PAREO (Reona): Ah! Part of the floor is coming up slightly, and I can hook my fingers under it! It looks like it might open with a little effort... Umph!
Nanami: Wow~, it opened~! And there's a piece of paper inside~!
Rinko: We found an item...
Arisa: Rinko-senpai, you're amazing...! We might be the first group who noticed this!
PAREO (Reona): It appears that way! Rinko-san, thank you very much!
PAREO (Reona): (With this, we might have a real chance at being the first to reach the goal...!)
PAREO (Reona): (PAREO, do your very best today! Wait for me at the goal, Hina-chan!)
