event224-01 Opening: Invitation from the Bride

PAREO is fangirling as usual when a certain announcement grabs her attention.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Reona Nyubara)

PAREO (Reona): No matter what, I will be one to stand next to Hina-chan in her wedding dress~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[On Stage]

PAREO (Reona): Kyaaa~! It's Pastel＊Palettes~!
Aya: Hi, everyone~! Did you enjoy this small event for the release of our new single~?!
Hina: Ahaha! Thanks, everyone~! I had just as much fun during the show as you did!
PAREO (Reona): (Sigh~, Pastel＊Palettes was amazing today too~! I can't even put into words how cute and precious they were...!)
Audience Member A: The dance moves for the new song were incredible~...! Aya-chan was so adorable!
Audience Member B: Right?! She even looked my way! I'm so glad I came to today's event~!
PAREO (Reona): (They're talking about the chorus. It's true...! The dance moves were so lively, but Aya-chan made sure to wave and smile at the audience. She was magnificent...!)
Aya: Now that the show's over~... it's time for Pastel＊Palettes Updates!
PAREO (Reona): (Kyaaa~, I have been waiting for this~!)
Eve: This time, we have a lot of news about activities for different members!
Aya: We'll introduce them using the screen behind us! First is~... Ta-da!
Aya: A date has been set for the start of the recently announced TV show starring Chisato-chan~!
Chisato: Thank you. The show is a heartwarming story about a family filled with laughter and tears, so I hope you will watch it.
PAREO (Reona): (I see, I see. The show will air Sunday nights at eight... And the first episode will be a two-hour special. Noted!)
Aya: Next up is Hina-chan!
Hina: Fu fu fu~, I've got a fun announcement for ya this time. Ready~...? Ta-da!
Hina: Yours truly has produced an escape room game! It's called "Galaxy Wedding ~Rescue the Bride!~"
Hina: I got to help with the new escape room game attraction that's opening at the amusement park!
Aya: An escape room game~?! We filmed at the park for Halloween, didn't we?
Chisato: Yes. I heard thanks to that, the company designing the attraction reached out to us.
Chisato: Hina-chan, you're going to appear in a video as the bride, right?
Hina: Yep, it'll be a video of me helping guide the players! And I even got to help think up the story and the problems.
Maya: If you're playing the bride, then are you wearing...
Hina: You betcha! I'll be wearing a wedding dress!
PAREO (Reona): (Hina-chan will be wearing a wedding dress?! Oh m-m-m-m-m-m-my goodness! She's going to look absolutely adorable! I must go to that attraction when it opens!)
Eve: Wow, but I think an escape room game produced by you will be difficult...!
Hina: Well~, it seems like the design company did a good job balancing out how difficult it is, so I guess it shouldn't be that hard~.
Hina: And it's an escape room game, but you play it in a huge building. So, not only will you have to use your wits, but you'll-
Maya: W-wait, Hina-san! If you say any more, you'll ruin the surprise!
Hina: Ah, you're right! Well, I'll just leave that up to you to find out when you go!
Hina: And if that wasn't enough~... To celebrate the opening, there'll be a special one-day event where I'll join the game in person to help players navigate!
Hina: Those who finish first get to take a picture with me in my dress, so everybody come see me! A chance to win tickets to the event is packaged with our new single!
Chisato: So, in other words, the event that day is one only Pastel＊Palettes fans can attend, right?
Hina: You got it! That's why the design company told me to also add a problem that could only be solved by our fans who love Pastel＊Palettes.
Hina: It's a special problem just for the event, so I hope all the players will be excited to see what it is~!
PAREO (Reona): (A commemorative picture with Hina-chan in a wedding dress, which is guaranteed to be the absolute cutest thing ever...! But is it really okay for her to do that...?!)
PAREO (Reona): (Sigh~...! I am definitely, definitely, deeefinitely going to that event!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Meet & Greet Venue]

Hina: Great, see you next time~! ... Ah, PARE-chan!
PAREO (Reona): Hina-chan~! You all were so incredibly cute today~!
Hina: Thanks~! Are you by yourself today? Masuki-chan or the others aren't with you.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, I came alone today! Um, I was very happy to hear about your game! I will definitely make sure I attend the special opening event~!
Hina: Awesome, I'll be waiting for you! ... Ah, but will you be okay? I'm pretty sure you have to be a group of four to enter the lottery to win tickets.
PAREO (Reona): Huh?! A group of four...?!
Staff: I'm sorry, but it's time for the next person in line...
PAREO (Reona): Ah! A-anyway, good luck with the event! I'm looking forward to your next show~!
Hina: Thanks. See ya~!
PAREO (Reona): Ohh, Hina-chan was terribly wonderful again today too... That bright smile of hers is cuter than cute~...
PAREO (Reona): (A group of four, though...)
PAREO (Reona): (I normally come to Pastel＊Palettes's events by myself, so I do not have any friends I can invite. What am I going to do?)
PAREO (Reona): (Maybe I should ask the other members of RAS, but if they come, we must make sure we are the ones who take a picture with Hina-chan in her wedding dress...)
PAREO (Reona): Ohh~...
