event224-02 Chapter 1: PAREO’s Rescue Squad

PAREO is determined to win at all costs and goes about assembling a crack team.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Hina Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane, Nanami Hiromachi, Reona Nyubara)

[The Day of the Escape Room Grand Opening]

[Station Entrance]

PAREO (Reona): Everyone, I sincerely, sincerely appreciate you coming today!
Rinko: Ah, u-umm... Thank you... very much... for inviting us...
Arisa: You two don't need to be so polite...
Nanami: That's right. The four of us don't get together like this often, but it's not like we've never met.
PAREO (Reona): No, no, you all have come today because I asked you to, so please let me thank you properly!
Arisa: You really gave me a shock, though. I was just leaving school when I saw you standing at the front gate holding a box of sweets...
Nanami: Ahaha, the same sort of thing happened to me too~.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
PAREO (Reona): I know it is extremely forward of me to ask this of you, but I absolutely must take a picture with Hina-chan! Please help me!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nanami: ... Is what you said.
Arisa: You just kept going on and on about it. I didn't know what to do, and people nearby were starting to stare...
PAREO (Reona): I apologize for that...!
PAREO (Reona): It is an escape room game produced by Hina-chan, so not just anyone will do... That's why I felt you three would be the best people to try it with!
Arisa: See, that's what I don't get, and that's why I'm worried... Rinko-senpai makes sense because she's good at games, but why me? I don't think I'll be much help...
Nanami: Um, I'm normal too, so maybe I'm not the best choice.
PAREO (Reona): What?! Arisa-san, I heard you have the best grades in school. Nanami-san, one look at the accessories you've made for your shows, and I can tell you're very talented.
PAREO (Reona): Also, it's one thing to imagine such detailed designs, but it takes great focus to make them. You cannot fool the eyes of someone who is in the Arts and Crafts Club!
Nanami: Th-those just happened to turn out nice...! And if you need someone with good grades, Rui-rui is leagues above me.
PAREO (Reona): Rui-san, she, um... I asked her, but...
Rinko: She said no, didn't she...?
PAREO (Reona): Yes...
Nanami: I see. If you had told me, I would've asked her for you.
PAREO (Reona): That's very kind of you...! But if I try to force someone who is not interested, I may turn them off of Pastel＊Palettes and would no longer be able to call myself a fan!
Nanami: Wow~, you're so responsible...!
Arisa: Are you really a third-year junior high school student..?
Rinko: Huh...? PAREO-san, you're still... in junior high school...?
PAREO (Reona): Yes! I still have much to learn, but I hope you will lend me your strength today!
Arisa & Nanami & Rinko: You're so responsible...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Escape Room]

Staff: I've confirmed your tickets for the four o'clock game session. You're the third group to arrive, so please enter through this gate and wait to begin.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Whoa...! I heard the area was big, but this is about the size of a gym. The spaceship-looking set is so well made.
Nanami: Since it's an escape room game, I thought we'd be playing in a much smaller space.
Rinko: There are other players a little further apart from us...
PAREO (Reona): It seems like each game can have three groups of players, so that makes twelve people including us.
Nanami: I see. So, out of the three groups, the first group to win gets to take a picture with Hina-senpai, right?
PAREO (Reona): That is right!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
???: ... Can anyone hear me? Am I getting through...? If you can hear me, please respond...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
PAREO (Reona): Huh? Is this voice Hina-chan?! Wh-where could it be coming from...?!
Rinko: Ah... Isn't it coming from that monitor on the wall...?
Hina? (Hina): I can hear voices... Thank goodness. It seems like my signal is getting through. Everyone, can you see me...?
Arisa: You were right. I can see Hina-san on the-
PAREO (Reona): Kyaaa~! She is wearing a wedding dress~!
Arisa: Whoa! Y-you nearly gave me a heart attack~...!
Rinko: Y-you startled me...
PAREO (Reona): Ah! F-forgive me. I became so overwhelmed with excitement...!
PAREO (Reona): (You need to relax, PAREO! The people you are with now are not used to how enthusiastic you can become...)
PAREO (Reona): (You'll only make the others uneasy if you go full Pastel＊Palettes fan mode like you usually do. It'll be hard, but you must hold in your excitement and act calmly...!)
Hina: I'm Hina, a Galaxy Idol. Right now, I'm trapped in the innermost room of this spaceship.
Nanami: Wait, has the game already started?
PAREO (Reona): It appears that way...!
PAREO (Reona): (Ohh, even though it is through a screen, Hina-chan's performance is unbelievably precious~...!)
Hina: If you don't save me, I'll be forced to wed an alien invader. Officers of the Space Patrol, please rescue me...!
Arisa: Officers of the Space Patrol?
Rinko: It's probably what the players of this game are called... I think that's the setting of this game...
Nanami: So, in other words, we just need to save the idol Hina-senpai from the big bad alien, right?
Hina: The alien invader is a powerful enemy... If you feel you're in danger, then leave me and run away immediately...!
Hina: Don't lose sight of the exit path in this large spaceship. I'll mark the floor by the gate where you entered... There you go!
Arisa: Wow, the area by our feet just lit up!
PAREO (Reona): Our floor's color is pink... The other groups seem to be different. Theirs are blue and yellow.
Hina: If you try to escape through the other gates, the spaceship will explode. So be careful to stay away from the floor of other groups...
Arisa: Explode? She sure dropped that scary little tidbit on us out of nowhere.
Nanami: It won't really explode, though, right~?
Rinko: I-I think we'll be okay... Probably...
Hina: Ah...! I think my signal is about to fade out...! Everyone, I'm begging you, please save me...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
