event224-06 Chapter 5: Our/Your Special Day

Hina's final challenge awaits. Can PAREO prove her love?

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Rinko Shirokane, Nanami Hiromachi, Reona Nyubara)

[Escape Room]

Arisa: Alright! We made it through the gate!... is what I thought at first, but this room is just another forest area.
PAREO (Reona): Ah, but please look. Isn't that building behind the trees a church?
Nanami: Wow~! We're finally here.
Rinko: But... what do you think that UFO-looking thing is...?
PAREO (Reona): Oh my gosh~! I-is that...
Arisa: Hrm...? There's something next to the UFO. Is that a mole doll...?
Mogu-chan: Are you from the Space Patrol?
Arisa: Ahh, it talked!
PAREO (Reona): Kyaaa~! I knew it! It is Mo-chan!
Nanami: Do you know this mole?
PAREO (Reona): This is our first time meeting, but Mo-chan is a subterranean being that appeared in Pastel＊Palettes's movie, flying in a UFO!
Arisa: A mole that's a "subterranean being"...? Wait, you sure know a lot about this thing...!
PAREO (Reona): The communicator we picked up along the way has the same design as the one in the movie... so I thought maybe we'd meet Mo-chan, and I am so happy we did~!
Mogu-chan: I'm glad I could meet officers from the Space Patrol!
Arisa: It feels like this event has started... This is a recording, right?
Rinko: Yes, I think so... I'm sure it'll tell us what to do for the next problem...
Mogu-chan: When I heard that Hina was in trouble, I rushed here from deep underground with my legendary shovel, but my ship hit another ship and crashed here!
Mogu-chan: Hina is a dear friend of mine! Please help me save her!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, PAREO~! Of course, we'll help! Not only did we get to meet you, but we'll be working together too?! I'm overwhelmed with joy...!
Mogu-chan: Do you still have the communicator?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, I have held on to it very carefully!
Mogu-chan: The communicator I gave Hina in case of emergencies has many mo' useful functions. Even the door to the church can be opened by entering the secret password!
Arisa: It can even do that? I know this is a game, but that communicator is way too convenient...!
Rinko: Ichigaya-san... you shouldn't think too hard about these kinds of things...
Nanami: Mo-chan, what is the secret password?
PAREO (Reona): I am fairly sure an eight-digit code can be typed into the communicator...
Mogu-chan: Ah! Oh no! The guard is coming!
Nanami: Guard? Do you mean the one from the other room?
Mogu-chan: I'll hack the gate and keep the guard from coming through, but that probably won't hold for more than five minutes!
All together: What?!
Arisa: So that means we've got five minutes to figure out the password, or it's game over?! Mo-chan, give us a hint!
Mogu-chan: Hina said the secret password is a special day!
Arisa: A "special day"... That doesn't help narrow things down at all. Can't you tell us just a little more?
Mogu-chan: ...
Arisa: ...
Arisa: Is that it?! That's practically no hint at all!
Nanami: Hmm~, want to try some numbers, even if it's a shot in the dark?
PAREO (Reona): That's a good idea. There does not seem to be any penalty for entering the wrong numbers, and we might just get it right...!
Rinko: ... Please wait.
PAREO (Reona): Rinko-san?!
Rinko: If the game really will end in five minutes... then we don't have many chances to enter different sets of numbers...
Arisa: That's true. I think it'll be better for us to take educated guesses than to enter numbers randomly...
Nanami: Mo-chan said it was a "special day," right? Maybe that day is the day of this event?
PAREO (Reona): Ah, that reminds me... at the release event, Hina-chan said this event would have a special problem to solve.
Nanami: So that means it's the kind of problem a Pastel＊Palettes fan should be able to solve, right?
Arisa: I think only Pastel＊Palettes fans could come to today's event...! PAREO, do you have any idea what the numbers might be?
PAREO (Reona): If it is eight numbers long, then it is not the fan club membership number nor the serial number used to apply for this event...
Nanami: Was there a similar situation in the movie Mo-chan was in? Like a scene where they entered a secret code?
PAREO (Reona): Hmm~, I don't think so...
Arisa: Even if an eight-digit number was in the movie briefly, I don't think that's the kind of thing people would remember...
Rinko: An eight-digit number... Eight digits...
Rinko: Ah... Could it be a year, a month, and a day...?
PAREO (Reona): ...! If so, maybe it's Hina-chan's birthday... No, at the release event, she said it was a problem that could only be solved by the fans who love Pastel＊Palettes...!
PAREO (Reona): In that case, the answer for the most important "special day" for a fan that loves Pastel＊Palettes must be...
PAREO (Reona): The day Aya-chan, Hina-chan, Maya-san, Chisato-san, and Eve-chan formed a precious friendship and became Pastel＊Palettes...!
PAREO (Reona): The password must be the anniversary of the day Pastel＊Palettes was born!
Nanami: Th-that's it~! That's it, PARE-PARE!
Arisa: If you say so, then that has to be it...! Do you remember the date?
PAREO (Reona): Of course, I do! This is the year... This is the month...
Nanami: PARE-PARE, hurry, hurry~!
PAREO (Reona): This is the day...! I've entered it!
Arisa: Alright, let's go!
PAREO (Reona): Okay!
PAREO (Reona): No matter what, I will be one to stand next to Hina-chan in her wedding dress~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
