event274-07 Ending: One More Camping Delight

In the morning, Maya quietly slips out of the tent—

(Character: Himari Uehara, Maya Yamato)

Maya: Mmm...
Maya: (Is it morning already? Better not wake anyone...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: Hmm... Grinding beans in the morning feels like a bit much, so I’ll go with cocoa today...
Maya: ...Whew, that warms me right up.
Maya: ...The sunrise is beautiful.
Maya: Fufufu, I bet Aya-san and Uehara-san would definitely say they have to take a picture...
???: You're right. It's really beautiful.
Maya: ...Ah, Uehara-san. Did I wake you?
Himari: Not at all. I just kind of woke up on my own.
Maya: I see. ...Would you like some cocoa too, perhaps?
Himari: Thank you very much. Hah~... this chilly morning air and cocoa go so well together~.
Maya: Ahaha, I get that. It really seeps in and warms you from the inside, doesn’t it?
Himari: Fufu, it really does.
Maya & Himari: ......
Himari: It's so quiet in the morning at a campground.
Himari: I used to think camping was all about the lively moments—like sitting around the campfire and chatting...
Himari: But peaceful mornings like this are really nice too~.
Maya: They really are. The lively times are fun, of course, but I think I really enjoy this quiet time in the morning.
Maya: It’s slow-paced... like we’re in a different world from everyday life...
Himari: Aya-san and you always seem so busy in your daily lives.
Maya: Fufu, maybe that's why I like this so much.
Himari: ...Um, Maya-senpai, thank you. I had such a great time camping.
Himari: I said not to worry about us yesterday, but honestly, I think we had such a fun time because you thought of everything.
Himari: The beautiful scenery, meals together, and even moments like this...
Himari: It’s thanks to you, Maya-senpai, that I could enjoy it all feeling safe and at ease!
Maya: Uehara-san... I'm the one who should be saying thank you.
Maya: Your words really lifted a weight off my shoulders. I felt so much more at ease afterward.
Maya: Thanks to that, I was able to enjoy camping with King, Ushigome-san, and Aya-san too.
Maya: ...I had a wonderful time with everyone.
Himari: Ehehe... I'm glad to hear that!
Himari: I definitely want to go camping again sometime!
Maya: Huhehe... Hearing that makes me the happiest!
Himari: And... I got to hear that story about Maya-senpai too!
Maya: P-Please forget about that one~...
Himari: Fufu. ...Oh, right! Wait just a sec...
Maya: ...?
Himari: ...Thanks for waiting! Ta-da!
Maya: Ah, is that one of the marshmallows from yesterday...?
Himari: Yep yep! Now we just drop it into the cocoa~...
Maya: So it’s marshmallow cocoa, huh? Fufu, classic Uehara-san idea.
Himari: ...Mmm, it's sweet and tasty~. Here, Maya-senpai, you have one too!
Maya: Ah, but if I take one, then there won’t be enough for everyone else...
Himari: Oh, you're right~. Masuki might not mind, but Aya-san and Rimi will probably go, “No fair~!”
Himari: Hmmm, in that case, let's keep this our little secret!
Maya: ...Then let’s keep it our little secret!
Maya & Himari: Huhehe. Fufufu.
(White cut)
(Background change)
