event274-02 Chapter 1: Arrival at the Campgrounds!

The group arrives at the campground with Maya driving. First, they take in the natural scenery.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Masuki Sato)

[The Day of the Camp]

[Campground]

Maya: —Check-in is all done! When you're going to a campground for the first time, I recommend arriving a bit early!
Himari: Got it, Maya-sensei! I’ll make a note of that!
Aya: Mmm~...! It's so beautiful here! The air even tastes fresh~!
Rimi: We saw the autumn leaves from the car, but they’re even prettier up close.
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, right. Thank you for driving us, Maya-san!
MASKING (Masuki): It must be nerve-wracking to drive with passengers. Aren’t you tired?
Maya: Fufu, thank you for your concern! But I’m totally fine.
Rimi: You're such a good driver, Maya-san~ I got a ride from Lisa-san recently too, and she was really good as well.
Himari: There’s something really cool about someone driving! It just feels... grown-up!
Aya: So nice... I wanna be the one driving everyone around someday too.
Himari: Aya-san, are you planning to get your license?
Aya: I am! I thought about taking lessons, but with work, I might forget to go, so I’m thinking of doing an intensive course~.
Himari: I see! I’ll be cheering for you!
Aya: Ehehe, thanks~! When I get my license, I’ll take you on my first drive, Himari-chan!
Himari: ...Okay! I’m looking forward to it!
Aya: Hmm? That pause felt kinda long...
Himari: N-no way~! Anyway, Maya-senpai! Do we set up the tents right away?
Maya: That’s one way to go, but... How about we take a little walk around first?
Maya: Actually, there’s supposed to be a great hiking trail near this campground. I heard the scenery there is really beautiful.
Maya: Enjoying that kind of view is part of the fun of camping!
Himari: Wow! I wanna check it out!
Aya: Fufu, Maya-chan did a lot of research just for today!
Maya: Ah, Aya-san! Please keep that a secret~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hiking Trail]

Himari: Woah~ Look~! The autumn leaves are reflected in the lake!
Rimi: You're right! ...Ah, Himari-chan...
Himari: Huh? What is it?
Rimi: You’ve got a leaf on your head... Fufu, it’s kinda cute.
Himari: What~!? That doesn’t sound like a compliment~!
MASKING (Masuki): You guys... are so cute.
Maya: Fufu, I’m glad you’re all having fun!
Maya: Plus if you visit the same place in a different season, you’ll see a totally different view!
Maya: That’s one of the best things about camping—enjoying how nature changes with the seasons!
MASKING (Masuki): Totally get that! When I go touring, the wind feels completely different depending on the time of year.
Himari: Whoa~...! You both sound so cool...! I’m gonna jot that down too!
Maya: Ehh!? Even that...!?
Rimi: Oh, hey, why don’t we all take a picture together? I think the lake would make a beautiful backdrop.
MASKING (Masuki): Nice, I’m in. Aya-san, you taking a pic... wait, you already are!?
Aya: Alright, got a good one! I’ll upload it to social media later!
Maya: Fufu, Aya-san, you’ve been extra enthusiastic about your posts lately.
Aya: Ehehe... It’s because of Lisa-chan’s influence.
Himari: Ah, she’s been posting Vlogs on Roselia’s account lately!
Aya: Exactly~! Her views are really high too, so I’ve gotta keep up!
Himari: In that case, how about we go find the perfect scenery for your social media, Aya-san?
Himari: If we take our group shot there, it’ll turn out amazing!
Aya: Waaah, let’s go, let’s go!
MASKING (Masuki): There’s a spot up those stairs where you can see the whole lake. The stairs look pretty long though.
Himari: Ugh... But if it’s for a gorgeous view—alright, let’s go, everyone~!
MASKING, Rimi & Aya: Yeah~!
Maya: Fufu, you’re all so full of energy!
