event274-04 Chapter 3: A Quick Break

With the tent set up by sunset, they prepare the campfire and take a short break.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Masuki Sato)

Maya: The sun’s really starting to go down... Everyone, we should probably get the fire started soon...
Maya: (...No, they must be tired. I’ll get the fire going quickly so they can just enjoy it!)
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? Maya-san, are you getting started on something?
Maya: Ah, King! Uh... I was just about to start setting up the campfire...
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, in that case, I’ll go call everyone!
Maya: No, it’s fine! I’m sure everyone’s tired from pitching the tent!
MASKING (Masuki): Don’t worry about that! We’re all good!
Maya: B-But still~...
Himari: Huh? What are you two up to?
MASKING (Masuki): Sounds like Maya-san's about to start the campfire.
Himari: Oh, then we’ve gotta call Aya-san and Rimi too! Aya san~, Rimi~!
Maya: Ah... S-Sorry for the trouble...!
(Black cut)
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, looks like the fire’s catching nicely. Maya-san, is this good?
Maya: Yes, I think it’s perfect! Sorry I ended up getting you all involved...!
MASKING (Masuki): Don’t worry about it! So, now that the fire’s ready, is it time for dinner prep?
Himari: Oh, but before that! Can we take a little break first? I brought a bunch of snacks!
Rimi: Snacks!?
Maya: Fufu, then I’ll make some coffee.
Aya: Wow~! Boiling water over a campfire feels so... camping!
Rimi: Wah, this little pot looks super camping-special... So cool!
Maya: That’s called a mess tin. Having stuff like this really sets the camping mood, so I recommend it.
Maya: The more I care for it, the more worn-in it gets, and it starts to feel like it really belongs to me.
MASKING (Masuki): That’s so cool. Kinda reminds me of instruments, in a way.
Rimi: Yeah, like how we personalize our picks, strings, or effects pedals—it’s fun making it your own.
Maya: Exactly. In that sense, you band members might be naturally suited to camping.
Maya: Okay, I’ll start grinding the beans now.
MASKING (Masuki): Wait, you’re gonna grind them yourself?
Maya: Yep, I’ve got a mini grinder with me.
Rimi: S-So cool...! I wanna try it too!
Aya & Himari: Me too~!
Maya: Fufu, then how about everyone grinds their own portion?
(Black cut)
Rimi: Wah, it’s delicious...!
Himari: Yeah, yeah! The aroma feels totally different somehow!
Maya: Ahaha, I’m glad you like it.
Aya: Drinking coffee from beans you grind yourself feels... grown-up~.
Aya: Also, I didn’t know you needed a fire pit for campfires. I thought you just built them straight on the ground.
Rimi: Me too!
Maya: Ah...
Maya: (R-Right! I should’ve taught them those kinds of basics too...!)
Aya: Watching the fire like this is so relaxing~... Camping takes more effort than I thought, but that’s why moments like this feel so peaceful.
MASKING (Masuki): Totally! And making fire is kinda fun, right? It’s something you really only get to do while camping.
Himari: Yeah yeah! It felt so rewarding when the logs caught fire!
Maya: (...Oh! I almost took that fun away from everyone...!)
Maya: (From now on, I need to think more about how to help everyone enjoy camping even more...!)
Himari: ...Maya-senpai?
Maya: Ah, sorry! I was just thinking about something...
Himari: Isn’t camping with us newbies kinda exhausting? We’ve been bombarding you with questions...
Rimi: Yeah, we’ve been totally relying on you the whole time...
Maya: No, no! As long as you’re all having fun, that’s more than enough for me!
Maya: My job today is to share the joy of camping with you all!
MASKING (Masuki): Still, if there’s anything we can do to help, just let us know!
Maya: Thank you all so much!
Maya: Now then, shall we get dinner started? I think cooking together out here in nature will be a lot of fun!
Aya: Wow, I was looking forward to this~! Campfire cooking!
Himari: ...
