81_Yukina Minato_R1 Lone-Wolf Songstress

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

Yukina: Yukina Minato.  The only thing I care about is music.  I can't talk about anything else.
Yukina: ... Hmm?  I only need to talk about Roselia?
Yukina: ... Fine.
Yukina: We in Roselia believe entirely in our music.  We know where are, where we want to be, and all we do is strive to reach those goals.
Yukina: We're not here to explain our ideals. If we can't do that much through our music, there's no point to any of it.
Yukina: All I'm focused on right now is improving the band.
Yukina: What? A message for the fans...?
Yukina: ... I've put everything I have into my music. Everything I have into Roselia.
Yukina: So... to know there are people out there supporting me in that... I'm very pleased.
Yukina: And I promise you that we'll deliver the very best musical performance from up on that stage.


<Broadening Horizons>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

Yukina: Oh... you're...
Yukina: Fancy meeting you here.
Yukina: I'm just doing a little shopping.
Yukina: ... My casual clothes look nice on me?
Yukina: Thanks, but I'm not interested in anything but my music. In order to reach my goal, I have to prove myself on stage... That's the only thing that goes through my mind.
Yukina: You like our music...?
Yukina: ... Thank you. Music is the only thing I have, so it makes me happy that you like what we do...
Yukina: It does make me happy...
Yukina: ... But I can't afford to be content with where we are at.
Yukina: Our goal is still further ahead of us. And if we're going to reach it, then we can't be complacent.
Yukina: I'll practice harder, and go beyond my limits...
Yukina: And then, someday...
Yukina: ... Thank you, but don't worry. I won't do anything to compromise my health.
Yukina: I know myself better than anyone else.
Yukina: And besides, I'm fully aware that if I get sick, I won't be able to perform or play music at all... Nothing good will come of it.
Yukina: ... Well, I think I'll get going now.
Yukina: Until I...
Yukina: No, until we reach the heights we're aiming for, it'd make me happy if you continued to look out for us.
