83_Yukina Minato_R3 Prepared Diva

Gacha phrase: Are you prepared to fully devote yourselves to Roselia?

<Table For Two>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Yukina: ......
Sayo: ......
Sayo: Minato-san. What exactly are we doing in a place like this?
Yukina: Because Ako had to stay behind after school and couldn't make it in time for practice.
Yukina: Lisa moved our studio reservation to later tonight.
Sayo: I know this place is closer to your school than the studio, but surely there was a better place for us to wait...
Clerk: Welcome! Can I take your order?
Yukina: We'll take two sodas.
Clerk: I'm sorry, I'm afraid we don't allow drinks orders without some kind of food order as well...
Yukina: Should we just wait for her outside?
Sayo: We've already sat down, we can't just leave.
Yukina: Fine. I'll have a salad.
Sayo: I'll have... some fries.
Clerk: Okay, let me just repeat your order here. That's two sodas, one salad and one big basket of fries. We'll bring them right out.
Yukina: ... Sayo. I thought you didn't like additives...
Sayo: It's not for me. I don't know about Shirokane-san, but those other two seem to particularly enjoy this kind of...
Sayo: Amalgamation of preservatives and flavorings mushed together and deep fried in unknown oils left out stewing for who knows how long...
Yukina: Won't they go cold?
Sayo: Cold fries are more than appropriate for a Roselia band member who can't even keep her school grades in good order.
Yukina: You're right. Ako may be the youngest, but she really needs to be more aware of her position. She's always chatting away during practice, too.
Sayo: Imai-san keeps encouraging Udagawa-san. That's the problem. If she keeps giving her that leeway, she'll always take it...
Yukina: Rinko's not the type to warn anyone for anything, either. We should probably try to fix that, too.
Yukina: Last practice, when we fell out of sync on that final phrase. Times like that are where the fruits of our daily focus really show.
Yukina: If we want to improve our overall quality, we have to make sure everyone focuses more on the music...
Sayo: I agree. But still... as soon as we all start performing...
Yukina: Ako, Lisa and Rinko, too... That focus is something they just don't have as much of as we do...
Sayo: Imai-san always seems to talk to Udagawa-san while she's practicing her chords. If she would just focus on them more, she would improve even further.
Yukina: Ako's always talking while beating out a perfect rhythm on those drums, too... If she'd just keep quiet, she could probably do even better.
Sayo: And Shirokane-san just ignores them both, completely honed in on moving her fingers across that keyboard...
Yukina: Too much waste, too many mistakes... lots of clumsiness, but... no one ever leaves their instruments for even a second.
Sayo: It's almost as if...
Yukina: Their instruments are...
Sayo: A part of them...
Yukina & Sayo: ......!
Sayo: Minato-san, what are you saying? This is a band full of problems...
Yukina: I could ask you the same, Sayo. Are you sure you're really aiming for the top?
Clerk: Sorry to keep you waiting. Here's your salad and your big basket of fries. Sodas are self-service, you'll find them on the counter over there.
Sayo& Yukina: They're what?
Yukina: This is why I don't come to places like this...
Sayo: Suddenly I don't feel so well.
Ako: I-I'm so sorry I'm late! I'm gonna really try hard not to stay behind again! ... Ah!
Ako: A giant plate of fries! Woohoo~!!
Rinko: Hello..
Ako: Yay~! It's fry time!
Yukina: Ako. Before you eat. I want you to promise me you'll never, ever have to stay late at school again.
Ako: I-I promise...!
Ako: ......
Sayo: What? Why are you staring like that?
Ako: Erm... You've been looking at the fries this whole time, but... you're not eating any...?
Sayo: I-I am not looking at them... Wh-what are you talking about? I mean... now that you've brought it up...
Sayo: F-fine, if you really insist, I'll have a few more...
Yukina: (... Wait, does she actually enjoy these?)
Rinko: Delicious... and fresh...
Lisa: Hey, Ako! Where'd all mine go?
Ako: It wasn't me, it was Sayo-san! And Rin-rin, too.
Lisa: What? Sayo ate all these?!
Yukina: (We still have many, many problems... But, really, in the end...)
Lisa: Hmm? Something the matter, Yukina?
Ako: Oh yeah, you two looked like you were having a serious talk back there. What was it about?
Sayo& Yukina: ... Nothing.


<Ready To Aim High>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

Yukina: ... You're...
Yukina: Fancy meeting you here.
Yukina: ... I see, you've got some things you need to do as well.
Yukina: Me?
Yukina: I'm practicing in the studio today.
Yukina: However I arrived a little early, so I'm taking a walk to pass the time.
Yukina: ... That's right, we never miss practice even on school days.
Yukina: At the moment, we practice about eight times a week.
Yukina: It goes without saying that we have sessions at the studio, but we practice on our own as well.
Yukina: ... That's true. I suppose it means we basically practice every day.
Yukina: I practice more than twice a day on some occasions.
Yukina: ... No, it's not as bad as it sounds.
Yukina: It's nothing out of the ordinary either. If we don't practice more often and more efficiently, we won't reach the heights that we are aiming for.
Yukina: You only live once, after all.
Yukina: I don't want to regret anything... And I don't want to give up without doing what I have to do.
Yukina: So for me, this is...
Yukina: No, for us, this is just simply what we do.
Yukina: All of the members of the band signed up for this.
Yukina: It's what we decided when Roselia was formed.
Yukina: I chose these members because they can handle it.
Yukina: ... I didn't tell you?
Yukina: I hand-picked everyone and formed Roselia myself.
Yukina: In the beginning, I performed solo, but I felt there was a limit to what I could express on my own…
Yukina: But I also don't believe in pairing up with people on an irregular basis…
Yukina: That's why I needed to find band members with solid skills, and a clear desire to reach great heights.
Yukina: And the people I found are now the members of Roselia.
Yukina: There is something relentless about Sayo's drive for the guitar.
Yukina: Lisa is serious about our music...
Yukina: Ako and Rinko also both displayed their passion to join the band.
Yukina: Not a bad line-up if you ask me.
Yukina: I made sure to confirm that everyone's resolve was strong before we played our first gig.
Yukina: ... Whether they were prepared to push themselves to their limits so that we could enter the Future World Fes.
Yukina: Whether they were ready to have no time for anything besides music.
Yukina: And...
Yukina: Whether they were prepared to fully devote themselves to Roselia.
Yukina: It sounds quite heavy-handed to you, doesn't it?
Yukina: You think it's a cruel thing to do to school girls, don't you...?
Yukina: But it's only the people that make the effort now who will get anywhere in the future.
Yukina: The future is nothing more than an extension of the present, after all.
Yukina: ... None of them showed any hesitation when making their decision.
Yukina: Which is why... I steeled my resolve as well.
Yukina: If they can't keep up with practice, I won't stop them from leaving...
Yukina: But if they are ready to go all the way, then I want to reach the top with this line-up of members.
Yukina: Well, I suppose the only thing I regret is...
Yukina: The fact that we were at a cheap restaurant when we talked about all of this…
Yukina: ... In a way, it's a very high-school-girl kind of thing to do?
Yukina: ... Maybe you're right. Either I'm not happy about it.
Yukina: I've vowed never to step foot in that restaurant again.
Yukina: Let's just say a few things happened there.
Yukina: ... Hey. You've been grinning the whole time now, but don't think this has nothing to do with you.
Yukina: You're the one who invited us to play at your live house.
Yukina: Which means...
Yukina: You're going to need to have a firm resolve as well.
Yukina: We don't need half-hearted support.
Yukina: If you're going to help us, then I want you to do so to the best of your ability.
Yukina: I think we'll be able to form a good relationship and push each other to greater heights that way.
Yukina: I won't force you. Having you help us grudgingly won't bring me any joy.
Yukina: So, {{userName}}-san, what do you say...?
Yukina: ... I see you've made your decision. I'll accept it gladly.
Yukina: Well then, let's see this through together.
Yukina: With the members we have and your support, we will be able to reach heights that no one has ever seen before... I'm sure of it.
