256_Yukina Minato_R4 Beyond Clear Autumn Skies

Gacha phrase: Help Sayo out, okay?

<What She Would Want>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Riverside]

Yukina: (I wonder if Sayo is alright...)
Yukina: (It's very unlike her to keep on making errors when she plays. Not to mention, it looked like she couldn't focus, so something must be wrong...)
Lisa: ... Ah, there you are! Yukina~!
Yukina: Lisa...?
Lisa: Sorry, sorry! I was talking to Ako and Rinko and took a little longer than I expected!
Lisa: ... Huh? Wait a sec'. Where's Sayo? You guys went ahead together, right?
Yukina: We did... But she's already gone home.
Lisa: What?! Really?!
Lisa: Hmm, I wanted to talk with her for a bit though.
Yukina: You need her for something?
Lisa: Mmm, no. That's not it. You saw, right? She seemed kinda down...
Lisa: So I wanted to ask her what was wrong... Oh, hey. Did she say anything when you two were walking together?
Yukina: No. She didn't mention anything about it.
Lisa: Oh... I wonder what happened to her...
Yukina: Something is definitely troubling her. Doesn't seem to be any doubt about that...
Yukina: But that's a completely different matter. I can't have her distracted during rehearsal.
Lisa: Ah-ahaha... Strict as always...
Lisa: I figured you would say that, though...
Lisa: But, you know, the thing that's troubling her probably has to do with Hina.
Yukina: ... Hina?
Lisa: Mhm. Sayo only really gets like that when it comes to Hina.
Yukina: Now that you mention it, the last time she had a sudden mood change, it was related to her sister as well.
Lisa: Ahh, you mean that time Ako got yelled at?
Lisa: I thought something weird was going on between her and Hina at that time too...
Lisa: Ah... So, uhm... Yukina...
Yukina: ...? Is something wrong?
Lisa: Since Sayo is feeling down, you think maybe you can be just a teeny-tiny bit nicer when you talk to her?
Yukina: Nicer...?
Lisa: I totally get what you're trying to say when you talk, but... You know, nicer could be better for times like this... right?
Yukina: ... I can't do that.
Lisa: Huh?! Wh-why not...?!
Yukina: You think that's something Sayo would want?
Lisa: Ah...
Yukina: If it is, I'd have no objections. But Sayo's not the type of person to seek comfort in the kind words of others, is she?
Lisa: H-hmm. Now that you mention it, you're right... She's pretty harsh when it comes to others, but even more so when it comes to herself.
Yukina: I know how you feel. However, sometimes trying to sympathize with someone can cause them more pain.
Yukina: Right now, all we can do for Sayo is watch over her.
Lisa: Mhm...
Lisa: But that just seems so tough...
Yukina: If it were you, yes. It'd likely be extremely tough.
Yukina: However... for Sayo, if she ever comes to ask us for something, that's when we can give her our undivided attention.
Lisa: Of course I'd help her as much as I could if that were to happen, but... Is just that really okay...?
Yukina: Something unsettling about that?
Lisa: It's Sayo, so I feel like she might just carry the burden completely on her own. Even if it would be better to ask someone for help.
Yukina: Well...
Yukina: ... No, it'll be fine. We're all a member of the same band. Even Sayo has faith in all of us.
Yukina: Let's believe in her. That's what watching over her means, after all.
Lisa: I see... Yeah. Mhm. If you think so, then it must be okay, right?!
Yukina: Right. It'll be alright... because it's Sayo.


<To Coexist>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE - Reception Area]

Yukina: ... Good afternoon, {{userName}}-san.
Yukina: ... No, I'm okay. It's only natural that I practice every day.
Yukina: Yes, things are going fairly well for Roselia. We don't really have anything to worry about at the moment.
Yukina: ... Oh. So you saw Sayo going home early on that rainy day?
Yukina: Could it be that you were worried because of that?
Yukina: That's just like you.
Yukina: Right. Sometimes even Sayo has days when she wants to go home early.
Yukina: That's something that happens often when you're in a band, isn't it?
Yukina: You must have seen lots of different bands going through many different situations.
Yukina: I don't think it's really that surprising.
Yukina: However...
Yukina: Seeing Sayo like that made me wonder...
Yukina: If one notices a problem occurring before them, what exactly should they do...?
Yukina: Of course, I do think it's important that one figures out how to overcome their problem.
Yukina: But I feel like it's also important to learn to coexist with it.
Yukina: ... Yes, to coexist. To carry the burden of that problem and move forward, improving yourself... Is that easier to understand...?
Yukina: I wouldn't necessarily say it's about coming to terms with it or anything that sounds quite as empty as that...
Yukina: It might be more so about having resolve.
Yukina: The resolve to acknowledge oneself...
Yukina: The weak parts, the bad parts, the parts that you hate...
Yukina: The willingness to accept all of that...
Yukina: And by finding that resolve, something new might come about...
Yukina: I'm sure Sayo is determined to find exactly that.
Yukina: It might sound like I'm saying something praiseworthy, but...
Yukina: Even I've been afraid of that resolve.
Yukina: I've actually only attained it recently.
Yukina: That's why it's easy for me to understand Sayo's emotions and her pain.
Yukina: Maybe, just maybe it's not only us...
Yukina: Maybe the day when one has to find that kind of courage comes for everyone...
Yukina: Just that it comes earlier for some people and later for others...
Yukina: ... Yes, Sayo participated in today's rehearsal.
Yukina: She was as calm and cool as she usually is when playing the guitar...
Yukina: With the same precision as always...
Yukina: ... I had a thought while listening to her play.
Yukina: Without Sayo's guitar, I wouldn't be able to create the kind of music that expresses what I want...
Yukina: It's because she's so precise that I can imagine her playing so clearly in my head.
Yukina: Whenever I'm making a song, I have the sound of Sayo's guitar in mind.
Yukina: By harmonizing with that sound, I can expand on my image of the song, little by little.
Yukina: Her playing acts as one of the guides in my creation process.
Yukina: Sayo was saying that her sound is lifeless, but...
Yukina: I really enjoy it.
Yukina: Sorry for dragging the conversation for so long.
Yukina: ... Now? I was thinking I'd expand on the image of this new song.
Yukina: Of course... by following the lead of Sayo's guitar in my head.
