358_Yukina Minato_R2 Blue Roses in Harmony

<Lisa and the Fashion Magazine>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Studio]

Yukina: I see... The vibe this kind of dress gives off isn't too bad...
Yukina: But... it feels like we'd be getting farther away from Roselia's image...
Yukina: I wonder if I can find something a little more our style...
Lisa: Yukina~☆ Whatcha reading?
Yukina: ...!! Lisa... You scared me...
Lisa: Ahaha, sorry about that! But you were staring at that magazine so intensely, I had to ask.
Lisa: So what is it? A music magazine?
Yukina: Actually, no... I'm reading this.
Lisa: ... Huh? You? A fashion magazine? Well this isn't something you see every day...
Yukina: Lisa... I read fashion magazines occasionally too...
Lisa: Yeah, but never with such a serious expression...
Yukina: I mean, we were thinking about new outfits for our band, so there's no choice but to be serious about it, right?
Lisa: Oh~, I see. So that's was it was.
Yukina: I bought this because I thought it would have good reference material.
Lisa: Well, in that case, it's only natural that you would be so focused.
Lisa: Hey~! Since you're already looking at it, why don't we do it together~?
Yukina: I-I don't think that's necessary... I'll just let you borrow it later.
Lisa: Don't be so cold~! Come on, let's go through it together☆
Yukina: I guess if I have to...
Lisa: Yay~!
Yukina: ... Don't you think you're a little close?
Lisa: Don't mind me~! Wow~, look at all these dresses! So what image are you going for, Yukina?
Yukina: That's the whole reason I'm sitting here thinking so hard. I can't seem to decide...
Lisa: Oh... Ah! I think I would like to try wearing this one.
Yukina: ... This gold one?
Lisa: It's so elegant, right? And it looks so good with the spangles and stuff.
Lisa: I think something like gold would suit you surprisingly well♪
Yukina: Gold, huh...? I think I'll pass...
Lisa: You don't like it?
Yukina: It's not that, it's just... I don't think it matches Roselia's image...
Lisa: Oh... Now that you mention it, I guess it might be a little too bold.
Lisa: Personally, though, I like the vibe that surrounds a dress like this~.
Yukina: I can't say I'm a big fan of the color scheme, but yeah, it carries a certain air to it that I might be able to work with.
Lisa: R-really?!
Yukina: Yes... I suppose we could look into dresses that give off a similar feeling as this one does. What do you think?
Lisa: Mhm! Yeah!
Yukina: ... Is it alright if I turn the page?
Lisa: Yup! Go ahead~♪


<What Do You Think of Roselia?>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Yukina: Oh... {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Yukina: ... Yes, we have practice later. I just arrived a little too early.
Yukina: Me? I was reading.
Yukina: ... It's a fashion magazine.
Yukina: Fufu... You and Lisa had the same reaction...
Yukina: Is it really that hard to picture me reading a fashion magazine?
Yukina: ... That's right. Since we're planning on making new stage outfits, I thought this magazine would be helpful.
Yukina: ... However, I can't find anything that I would describe as perfect for us.
Yukina: If you don't mind, I'd like to ask your opinion, {{userName}}-san...
Yukina: Could you share with me your image of Roselia?
Yukina: When people watch Roselia, what do they see in us...?
Yukina: How are we, Roselia, perceived...?
Yukina: ... Fufu. I've never cared to think about it before, but I thought it'd be nice to hear your opinion on the matter.
Yukina: ... I see. Now I know what image you have of us.
Yukina: Still... We have to continue to evolve as we move forward.
Yukina: What you see in Roselia at the moment... Even that is nothing more than a stepping stone.
Yukina: Which means we have to think about the future and where we're headed...
Yukina: I'm sure once new stage outfits are made, we'll become a new Roselia once again...
Yukina: It was helpful to hear your thoughts. Thank you...
Yukina: I hope you're looking forward to our new outfits...
