366_Yukina Minato_R2 Amateur Bard

<Similar People>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[Departure Village]

Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yukina-san, the mine is this way! Just follow my lead, okay?!
Yukina: Yeah, alright.
Yukina: ...? That person is...
Lisa: What's wrong, Yukina?
Yukina: Someone just walked by with the same face and outfit as me.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I'm sure that was a new player who chose the bard class! When you have new players who choose the same class, sometimes you end up looking the same.
Yukina: ... That's kinda unsettling. Even if it's just a game, having someone who's exactly the same as you is a bit much.
Lisa: Nothing you can really do about that. Look, see those people over there. A bunch of them look just like me.
Yukina: You're right... Everyone looks the same when you look at them from behind.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): It's hard to tell people apart when they're all wearing the standard outfit. That's why you can all keep an eye on me!
Yukina: Yeah. Okay, after you then. I'm sure that will keep us from running into any confusion.
Lisa: Alrighty, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): To get to the mine, we go straight through here, and when we get to the next area, that's wh- Hm? Where's Yukina-san going?
Lisa: Yukina! Not that way. Back, come back.
Yukina: What happened? All I was doing was following Ako.
Lisa: That's not Ako! Sure, they look a little bit similar, but this is the real Ako!
Yukina: ... Oh, it is. You can tell if you look closely enough.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Get it together, Yukina-san~. That girl looks nothing like me!
Yukina: It's too hard for me to see the difference...
Lisa: Yeah, if you took a quick glance, it might be hard to tell. You add that to being unfamiliar with the controls, and it becomes a lot to deal with at once.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Okay then, I'll move more slowly. If we all just stick really close together as we go, no one should get lost.
Yukina: That'd be helpful. Lisa, let me know if I'm starting to get separated from the group again.
Lisa: Okay☆ Leave it to me!
Lisa: You know, though, the game world is really interesting. Yukina following your lead, confusing you for someone else... Those aren't things that would happen in the real world.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I'm pretty sure my outfit is easy to spot... I can't believe she made that mistake...
Lisa: Wait... Yukina's missing again?!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): What?! Where'd she go~?!
Lisa: L-let's just start by going back the way we came. We might find her along the way...
(Black cut)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Ah, there she is! Yukina-san, over here! Hey!
Lisa: Yukina, why are you facing that way? Over here~.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yukina-san? Hello~, Yukina-san?
Lisa: What's wrong with her? Is she frozen...?

[Yukina has logged out.]

Demon Princess Ako (Ako): What?! Did she get disconnected?!
Lisa: Ah, hold on. She's calling me.
Lisa: She says her screen suddenly turned black.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): What~? Maybe she pressed the power button...?
Lisa: Either way, I'm gonna go to her booth so I can take a look at her computer. Be right back~.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Thanks, Lisa-nee!


<About Video Game Music>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Studio]

Yukina: I see. So they're all categorized as video game music, but there are various types.
Marina: And technology has come pretty far, so there are even games that can take an orchestra's performance and include it without making any edits or changes.
Yukina: An orchestral performance in a video game? That's quite interesting.
Marina: There are also games that use trending pop songs as part of their soundtrack, so you might learn a thing or two by listening to them.
Yukina: Yeah, I think I'll do just that. By the way, {{userName}}-san, you've been awfully quiet over there. Do you play video games?
Yukina: Oh, just a bit...? I've never had much interest in playing them, but the other day, Ako asked the members of Roselia to join her for a session.
Yukina: I don't remember what it was called, but I know it was an online game. One where you can play together even though you're on separate computers.
Marina: You, playing a computer game? That's kinda hard to picture.
Yukina: I never imagined I would be playing one either. I didn't have a clue what was going on.
Yukina: But I don't think it was a bad experience. I was fairly intrigued by the music they used in that game. It was a bit strange.
Marina: Oh, okay. And that's why you came here to ask me about video game music.
Yukina: Right. See, they had this background music set for the field area, but...
Yukina: That music would change when you moved from one field area to the next. However, it would do so without ever being interrupted.
Yukina: I'm not sure what kind of set up they have that would allow for such a feature, but that's some incredible technology in my opinion.
Marina: That's called procedural music generation.
Yukina: Procedural... music generation...? Do you know a lot about it? I was hoping you could tell me more, if you don't mind.
Marina: I'd love to! And since you're here too, why don't you both listen?
Yukina: Yeah, as someone whose work relates to music, I don't think it could hurt to learn. You should probably take advantage of this opportunity.
Yukina: Alright, Marina-san. We're listening.
