437_Yukina Minato_R4 Tears Overflowing

Gacha phrase: If this keeps up, I might lose everything...

<Yukina's Special Cookies>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Hikawa Residence]

Sayo: Let's start by cutting the chocolate. We're making half of them with and half of them without, so... I think one bar should be enough.
Yukina: And what exactly do you mean by "cut"? How big should each piece be?
Sayo: The recipe says they taste better when the pieces are bigger. Can you make each of them five square millimeters?
Yukina: Five millimeters... So like this?
Sayo: This would be too big. We should make them a little smaller... Like this.
Yukina: Looks pretty much the same to me.
Sayo: Slight differences like this are very important when making sweets.
Yukina: Really...? You know, I was thinking this last time we baked together with Roselia, but this is quite tough.
(Black cut)
Sayo: Mix the sugar, eggs, and flour into the whipped butter, in that order. Don't worry about measurements. I've already done that part.
Yukina: Understood.
Yukina: (Beat the butter, add the sugar, and then beat some more to mix them together... You have to be a lot more careful about how you stir things than I thought.)
Yukina: (And now my arm is tired... Lisa goes through this strenuous process every time she makes cookies, huh...?)
Yukina: ... Good. You've mixed it. Next are the eggs...
Sayo: ...! Minato-san, why do you have a new egg?
Yukina: Why? Didn't you say the eggs were next?
Sayo: That's true, but we'll only be using the egg yolks! We already have some that have been separated from the whites.
Yukina: Got it. Thank you, Sayo. After that, we have... the flour, correct?
Sayo: That's right.
Yukina: Into the bowl... It's powder, but it's quite heavy... My arms are shaking...
Sayo: M-Minato-san! You have to keep the bowl steady... H-hold on. Put that down for a second! I'll hold the bowl, so you can- Ahh...!
(Black cut)
Sayo: W-we managed... somehow.
Yukina: Yeah, 'somehow' is the right word for it.
Sayo: Indeed... I was so surprised when you came to me and said you wanted to make cookies though. Are you making them for Imai-san?
Yukina: Yes, that's correct.
Yukina: I initially planned to make them on my own, but the sight of the recipe was enough to confuse me. That's why I decided to ask you for help.
Yukina: And you brought cookies for all of us the other day, right? So I knew I could depend on you for this.
Yukina: ... That's quite the stare. Something wrong?
Sayo: No, I was just caught off guard. I never could've imagined you saying that before.
Yukina: ... Yeah, I'd say the same.
Yukina: And I was able to change because of you... Because of all of you. I'll have to thank everyone again the next time we're together.
Sayo: I don't need to be thanked. We both helped each other out in the end.
Sayo: You can just pay me back through what you do for the band. At least, that's what I plan to do.
Yukina: I see... I'll take you up on that offer. Thank you, Sayo.
Sayo: No problem... Shouldn't you start heading over to Imai-san's place? You wouldn't want to be late.
Yukina: Yeah. I appreciate all your help today. Alright, I'll be off.
Sayo: Okay. See you at rehearsal.
Sayo: ... Now, I need to clean up and get back to my room before Hina gets here. I already know what she'll say if she sees me.
Sayo: Sis, you look so happy~! Something good happened to you, didn't it~?! ... Fufu.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Lisa: I was amazed I was actually getting a phone call from you! It came from out of nowhere! What happened? There must be a reason you called me to the park, right?
Yukina: Not really. It's nothing special...
Yukina: ... I want you to have this, Lisa.
Lisa: Hm? Wow, this wrapping is so cute! There's no question, these cookies are homemade... Did you make them?
Yukina: I did. Although, Sayo did help me, so I'm not sure I can say that "I" made them.
Lisa: What?! Sayo did?! That sounds nice! Why didn't you guys invite me?!
Lisa: ... I guess that wouldn't make sense since you were gonna give them to me! Ahaha.
Lisa: Thank you though, Yukina. I'm so, so, so happy you made these for me! So, can I eat them now?
Yukina: That's okay with me... I'm not so confident about how they came out, though.
Lisa: Ahaha! It'll be fine~! Alrighty, time for some sweets! Down you go~!
Lisa: Mmm~! Crunchy~! And it tastes... Hmm~...
Yukina: ...
Lisa: Hm...? I mean, yeah, it's good. But, Yukina... I feel like this cookie tastes a little like vegetables...
Yukina: ...! It only took you one bite to tell? I suppose I should've expected as much.
Yukina: I figured it would be healthier, so I mixed in some vegetable juice.
Lisa: Gulp... Vegetable juice?! I see~... I thought it tasted kinda strange.
Lisa: But... okay, yeah. Vegetable juice... It definitely comes off as weird at first, but... I think this is something you could get hooked on actually.
Lisa: Mhm! I've never tasted anything like this before. It's really yummy!
Lisa: You eat one, and you just gotta have the next one... And you might think, "what a mysterious flavor~," but you grab the next one right away... What is happening~?! I just can't stop~!
Yukina: R-really? Is it actually that good?
Lisa: Mhm! I'm kinda annoyed, to be honest! I never even considered using vegetable juice in cookies before.
Yukina: You're exaggerating, Lisa.
Lisa: I'm not, I'm telling you! Yukina, you have to tell me how to make these~! Share the recipe with me~!


<Vital Disagreements>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE Café]

Yukina: There's still some time until rehearsal. I can't just stand near the entrance staring into space though...
Lisa: Yukina~! Over here~! Yukina~!!
Yukina: ...! Lisa. You stopped by the café again.
Yukina: And you're with Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. What were you all talking about?
Marina: Oh, uhhh~... We were talking about how Roselia has been sounding better recently! It's like you all have a stronger bond or something.
Lisa: There you go again~, always knowing how to sneak in a compliment...
Yukina: Of course we sound better.
Lisa: Y-Yukina?
Yukina: ... Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, can I tell you about what happened?
Yukina: Not too long ago, Roselia's members... had a bit of a disagreement. We all had our own reasons for why that happened, but the biggest of all was my naivete. It caused me to panic.
Yukina: I let our failure at SMS get to me, and everything I tried to do was unproductive. It certainly wasn't the greatest situation.
Yukina: I'm sure I had been spoiled up to that point. When Ako took off during rehearsal, something inside me said she'd come right back...
Yukina: No. Actually, I might have subconsciously assumed that Lisa would do something to fix the issue.
Lisa: Yukina...
Yukina: I feel really bad for what I put the other members through.
Yukina: But I also think that disagreement made Roselia what it is today.
Yukina: Our band needed that conflict. It was something that was supposed to happen.
Yukina: ... Did I explain myself well enough?
Marina & Lisa: ...
Yukina: Wh-what? Why are you all staring at me like that?
Marina: Sorry! I was just shocked at how much you've changed.
Marina: Before you had this mysterious, elegant air about you, but... I think the you now is wonderful too.
Yukina: Wh-what are you talking about?
Lisa: You think so too, huh, Marina-san? I was actually thinking the same thing~!
Yukina: Lisa! You too, {{userName}}-san. No more of your teasing.
Marina: Fufu, look at you, getting all embarrassed. But this is good. I was a little worried at first, but now it seems like Roselia will continue to grow.
Yukina: ... Yes, that's correct. You have my word, we will get better.
Yukina: It's almost time. Lisa, let's get to rehearsal.
Lisa: Okay~! Time for some practice~! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, see ya later~!
