604_Yukina Minato_R4 Bouquet for a Friend

Gacha phrase: Why do you play the piano?

<That Which Must Be Faced>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[After the Competition]

[Competition Venue - Audience Seating]

Ako: Rin-rin was so amazing~!
Lisa: No kidding!
Lisa: For a second there, I wasn't sure how it would go, but in the end, there wasn't a hint of nervousness in her performance!
Sayo: Agreed. From how it looked, she appeared to have been utterly drawn into her music.
Lisa: We'll have to shower her with compliments. Right, Yukina?
Yukina: I suppose so.
Ako: H-huh? You sound even less excited than I expected, Yukina-san...
Lisa: Awww, she's only being shy. Yukina was just as worried as the rest of us.
Yukina: Don't go deciding that on your own, Lisa. I wasn't worried for a moment.
Lisa: She says that, but who was it that snuck into the studio to check in on things?
Yukina: That was a-
Sayo: "A mere coincidence." Is that what you were planning to say, Minato-san?
Yukina: Sayo, don't you get started too...
Ako: Hahaha! Oh well, it doesn't matter either way!
Ako: I'm just glad that we managed to have as much fun as we did during our jam session!
Ako: I'm pretty sure Rin-rin's mood improved like crazy after we did! It's like, "powerful indeed are the bonds within Roselia~!"
Lisa: Yeah. The whole 'bonds' thing makes me feel all funny, though.
Sayo: While that may have been one factor for her motivation, this result was made possible mostly by her raw talent.
Sayo: Even if we had not held that session, I believe the outcome of her performance likely would have remained the same...
Yukina: ... Do you think so?
Yukina: You are not mistaken in naming her skills as the key factor in her success. However... had that session never occurred, it is unlikely that she would have performed as well as she did today.
Lisa: Oh, really? Why do you say that?
Yukina: I had the opportunity to speak with her before your session.
Yukina: At the time, the pressure of appearing on stage was getting to her more so than any concern about playing the song.
Yukina: But what Rinko needed to confront was herself, as well as the piano that lied before her, nothing more... It seemed as though she had completely forgotten that.
Sayo: I wasn't aware that happened.
Lisa: Can you really blame her though? It's much harder to be in front of a big crowd like this and not be affected somehow.
Yukina: True. It would be especially grueling for someone with Rinko's personality.
Yukina: Which is precisely why it was essential that she didn't focus on the wrong things.
Yukina: I wanted her to realize that, but I couldn't think of the best way to state those thoughts. All I could come up with was a vague question...
Lisa: So that's why you came to check on her when the rest of us were playing together.
Yukina: Indeed.
Yukina: So, while I would say... that I am truly grateful to you all... it is Ako to whom I am most thankful.
Ako: Huh? Me? Why?
Yukina: Holding that play session was originally your idea.
Yukina: Whether she's up on stage as a member of Roselia or as a solo pianist, both are identical in one fundamental manner.
Yukina: What's important is that she plays Roselia's music, as well as her own. The outcome of that is something that can be worried about later. That time in the studio helped her realize that.
Yukina: And I had so much trouble putting that idea into words... It is as I've said, "nothing speaks louder than music."
Sayo: ... Yes, without a doubt.
Sayo: (If I didn't know any better, I'd say that Shirokane-san saw the very same "perfect form, perfect shot" spirit within Minato-san, as well.)
Sayo: (That mind-set is Minato-san's way of life. More than anyone else, she focuses on her own sound and keeps her gaze fixated on the music.)
Ako: Hmmm? So, uh... can anyone translate? Lisa-nee, did you get any of that?
Lisa: Uhhh... I think so...? But I have this feeling that what Sayo and Yukina are thinking is something completely different.
Sayo: Fufu. In short, all you need to know is that all credit goes to Udagawa-san this time around.
Yukina: Yes, that much is undeniable.
Lisa: And there they go, nodding in unison... Where's our explanation, huh? You two had better clue us in~!
Ako: Yeah, out with it~!
Yukina: I don't believe that's necessary... Fufu.
Yukina: Rinko should be coming out any time now. Come, let's give her a warm welcome.


<The Sound of My Music>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Hm? is that... Yukina-chan over there?
Yukina: Oh my, Marina-san. And {{userName}}-san, as well.
Marina: Hello, Yukina-chan! On your way to CiRCLE, are you?
Yukina: Indeed. I have a private rehearsal lined up. From the looks of it... I'd guess that you two are heading to work.
Marina: You guessed correctly. Since we're all going the same way, wanna go together?
Yukina: Of course. By all means.
(Black cut)
Marina: Oh, by the way~, I heard all about how Rinko-chan entered a competition the other day!
Yukina: That she did. Roselia went as a group to see her performance, and it was definitely one to remember.
Yukina: Not at all what one might have expected considering how stressed she was about it beforehand.
Marina: She was? Did something happen to her?
Yukina: No, actually. Nothing that would have made her as nervous as she was, anyway.
Yukina: Her issue stemmed entirely from her own emotions. Evidently, she had long harbored negative feelings toward competitions.
Yukina: That emotional burden was so heavy that it affected her rehearsals and thereupon brought about her troubled mood.
Marina: That sounds rough~. But yeah, with those large venues, piano competitions likely have their own unique type of pressure that is different from what goes on at a live house.
Yukina: Yes... I would agree.
Yukina: Prior to the competition, Rinko asked me whether or not I feel any pressure when up on stage.
Yukina: Pleasing the fans. The fear of disappointing them. At that time, Rinko was so distracted by those kinds of thoughts that she began to doubt herself.
Yukina: Which is when I retorted with my own question, "Why do you play the piano?"
Yukina: As for myself, my reason for appearing on stage is entirely for the sake of furthering my... furthering Roselia's music.
Yukina: Similarly, I'm sure there's a reason Rinko plays the piano. I wanted her to realize that focusing on that is more important than concerning oneself with the audience's opinions.
Yukina: Although, I cannot help but wonder if asking her that was a tad unfair.
Yukina: I do not regret my actions, of course. Even now, I still believe it was the exact question that she needed to be confronted with.
Marina: And that's how she was able to clear those worrisome thoughts from her mind, huh?
Marina: How impressive. And I mean that about both of you, Yukina-chan.
Yukina: Me? Why do you think that?
Marina: You presented her with such tough words precisely because it was something she needed to hear, right?
Marina: Being able to say what needs to be said is not always that easy. Sometimes, it's the simple things that are unexpectedly difficult.
Marina: You stepped up to the plate and did what had to be done... And it was for Rinko-chan's sake, wasn't it? That's why I think you both deserve praise.
Yukina: I... don't understand. Doing that much for a band member is simply common sense.
Yukina: Besides, she was able to overcome her fears because she challenged herself and put in the effort necessary to succeed.
Yukina: Her performance at the competition was truly superb. And I'm certain that she'll put on even greater performances for Roselia as time goes on.
Yukina: I need to meet those efforts and achievements in kind through my own singing. That's why I hastily set up a rehearsal session for myself today.
Marina: It all makes sense now! You're both helping each other to learn and grow... That's wonderful.
Marina: We'll be cheering you on from behind the scenes. Keep up the hard work, Yukina-chan!
Yukina: But of course. Though it may not be any time soon... I promise to someday deliver a song that we all can be pleased with.
