710_Yukina Minato_R3 Our Future Together

<A Gift for You>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall]

Yukina: ... Uhm... Perhaps this shop will work?
Shop Clerk: Welcome. What are you looking for today?
Yukina: W-well, uhm... I...
Shop Clerk: Are you looking for gel polish? Or perhaps regular nail polish? We have all sorts of product here.
Yukina: Gel...? Regular nail polish...? Well, uhm...
Shop Clerk: You have such gorgeous hands. I'm sure anything would look fabulous on them. Now, right this way, please.
Yukina: No, I'm not-
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Walking Home]

Lisa: ... Then after that, Rinko and Ako kept recommending all these awesome books to me. I gotta do something for them in return~.
Yukina: ...
Lisa: Yukina?
Yukina: Oh, uhhh...
Lisa: Seriously, what's wrong? Are you having a hard time telling me something?
Yukina: Here, this is for you.
Lisa: A present?! Wow, awesome. What could it be?
Lisa: Wait! Isn't this the manicure set from that shop everyone's been raving about?! How cute~!
Yukina: I picked one with bright colors because I thought it was more you... What do you think?
Lisa: I'm over the moon right now! Thanks, Yukina. I appreciate this!
Lisa: But why are you giving me a present? My birthday isn't any time soon...
Yukina: I wanted to convey my everyday gratitude toward you, Lisa.
Yukina: "Are you prepared to fully devote yourselves to Roselia?" I remember asking you that. And you have certainly answered the call.
Yukina: You've... stopped doing your nails.
Lisa: Yeah, well... You know, they get chipped easily when you play the bass.
Yukina: I want you to know I notice these things. I'm not oblivious to them. I know what you were like before.
Lisa: What are you talking about, Yukina? I decided this on my own. I've never thought a thing about not being able to do my nails.
Yukina: That's what I thought you'd say. I've... always been spoiled by your kindness.
Yukina: Just how much you've pushed yourself and had to bend over backward is evident in the lyrics you wrote.
Yukina: I want you to be a part of Roselia just the way you are and grow together with the band. That's what I've been feeling...
Yukina: And that's the reason behind gifting you this manicure set.
Yukina: To me, doing your nails is a symbol of who you are. That's why I did it...
Lisa: Yukina... Aw, thanks. So, that's how you think of me. I'm touched.
Yukina: I'm relieved you feel that way.
Yukina: I wasn't sure you would like it since I've never bought anything like this before.
Lisa: Ahaha. That's right, you never do your nails or anything. I bet you'd be all flustered if someone asked you if you wanted gel or regular nail polish.
Yukina: Th-that's not true. I know the difference. Gel polish lasts much longer but is hard to remove. Regular nail polish... can be removed easily but only stays on for a few days, right?
Lisa: Whoa, that's exactly right! But it sounds like something you might've learned from a salesperson~...
Yukina: Whatever. That's fine, no?
Lisa: Ahaha! Sorry, sorry. But seriously, thanks. I'm gonna put this manicure set up nicely somewhere.
Yukina: Put it up...? You're not going to use it?
Lisa: Well, I want to, but seeing how active Roselia is right now and will be for the foreseeable future, I don't think I can do my nails any time soon.
Yukina: That's true...
Lisa: So instead, I was thinking of saving it for an important day.
Lisa: It's only for the use of special occasions! What do you think? Perfect for such a special gift, isn't it?!
Yukina: Yes... Thank you, Lisa. I can't wait to see you with your nails done again.
Lisa: Ah, in that case, let's go nail-polish shopping sometime. We can try on different colors and stuff. What do you think?
Yukina: ... As long as it doesn't interfere with band practice.
Lisa: Woohoo! I'm so looking forward to it~. By the way, since you're the singer of the band, you can totally do your nails! Why don't we do yours since I can't do mine?
Lisa: I'll make sure they look nice on you! I promise!
Yukina: Fufu. I'll consider it.


<Our Starting Point>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Riverside]

Yukina: ...
Marina: Hm? Look who's over there... Hey, Yukina-chan~!
Yukina: Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. Is something the matter?
Marina: No, not particularly. You just looked like you're in a pleasant mood. I was wondering if something good happened.
Yukina: I didn't intend to appear that way... But now that you mention it, perhaps you are right.
Yukina: The thing is, we have a new song coming out.
Marina: Really?! Wow! A new song, huh~? What kind of song is it? I can't wait to hear it.
Marina: Roselia's music is always so cool. I'm looking forward to it already.
Yukina: Of course. We always strive for perfection when we write our music.
Yukina: Also... Lisa is the one who wrote the lyrics this time. She said she included the starting point of her relationship with music.
Marina: Wow! Lisa's starting point with music, huh?  Ohhh, I'd love to know more about that!
Yukina: It ... was actually when we started playing music together with my dad as kids...
Yukina: You could say it was my starting point as well.
Marina: Interesting~. So that's why you seem to be in such a good mood.
Yukina: I don't think... I'm any different than how I always am.
Yukina: We have a contest drawing near. And this contest doubles as an audition for Future World Fes. I don't have time for needless merriment.
Yukina: We have every intention to make it into the festival by earning the top place in the contest. That has always been our goal.
Marina: That's right! Don't forget we're here supporting you, too!
Yukina: Thanks. I'm glad you have such high hopes for us. Your expectations are fuel for us to aim higher.
Marina: Support is more powerful than anything, isn't it? I think that way, too~.
Yukina: We were able to get to where we are now because we've had Future World Fes in our sights.
Yukina: But then I started thinking, what happens after we make it through this contest and get into the festival... What does Roselia do then?
Yukina: The answer to that was simple.
Yukina: As long as I- no, as long we are a part of Roselia, we will continue to move forward.
Yukina: The reason I could think this way... must be that Lisa reminded me of the starting point we both had.
Yukina: Fufu, looks like I went a little overboard with talking. Anyway, I'll be on my way.
