724_Yukina Minato_R4 Bridge of Emotions

Gacha phrase: Prepare yourselves, everyone. This performance will be our shining moment.

<After-School Band Members>

(Character: Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3-A]

Yukina: If we do this here...
Maya: Ah, Minato-san. You're still here.
Yukina: Hello, Yamato-san.
Maya: Are you writing a new song? Weren't you doing that before too?
Yukina: I was. Now that our concert is finished, I've got time again, so I thought I'd get back to composing.
Maya: Sorry to get you involved in such a strange concert when you were so busy.
Yukina: There's no need to apologize. I learned a lot from the experience.
Maya: That's good to hear!
Maya: I was excited to perform with you again, Minato-san!
Maya: Your soothing voice was the highlight of the show! Even with one song, the crowd seemed more than satisfied with your performance!
Yukina: Personally, I'm glad I came across that song when I was writing a new one.
Maya: What do you mean?
Yukina: It reminded me that technique on its own isn't enough to move the audience emotionally. Your song needs emotions and a story as well.
Maya: That's true... I felt the same way.
Maya: I guess you could say the experience reminded me of how complex music can be.
Yukina: Fufu, I thought you might say that.
Maya: Uhm... I hope we can do it again some time.
Maya: Ah, of course, doing another concert might be a bit much. I'd be more than happy to just hold another jam session in our free time!
Yukina: Until now, I've only ever seriously discussed music with the members of Roselia...
Yukina: So I was very glad to know there are others outside my band that I can speak with.
Yukina: This experience allowed me to see things from a different perspective than my own. That alone made doing the concert worthwhile.
Maya: Ah, that reminds me. Didn't you say Roselia was taking part in a contest for Future World Fes?!
Yukina: I did. We've already applied.
Maya: I'll definitely be there to cheer you on!
Maya: I'd love to hear Minato-san's... No, Roselia's new, powered-up sound!
Yukina: We will win that contest.
Maya: Yeah! I know you will!
Maya: And when you do, tell me what it's like up there!
Maya: I'm in a band as well, after all. I'd love to know what the world looks like from that viewpoint!
Yukina: That reminds me...
Maya: Hm? What is it?
Yukina: About our talk after our concert...
Yukina: I feel as though I was the only one talking. I never did hear any of your opinions about my performance.
Maya: N-now that you mention it, you're right...
Yukina: I'd especially like to hear your opinion, Yamato-san... Was there anything you'd like to tell me?
Maya: Huh?! Me?!
Yukina: If you really want to support us in the contest, I'd like you to give me your impressions and thoughts on my performance. Anything advice will be useful, no matter how small.
Maya: I see...
Maya: Alright...! There wasn't anything in particular I wanted to say, so I'll just tell you what I felt during and after our show together!
Maya: I just hope it'll be helpful to you...
Maya: L-let's see, first off...
Yukina: (I don't care how...)
Yukina: (but I will get there...)
Yukina: (I will perform at Future World Fes...)


<Path Towards the Summit>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Yukina: I'd like to hold band practice here tomorrow starting at two 'o clock. Do you have any open rooms?
Marina: Just a second... Yup, sure do. Alright, I'll put you down for two 'o clock in Studio A.
Marina: Ah, by the way, thanks again, Yukina-chan.
Yukina: What are you talking about?
Marina: You know, the concert you did for my band's song!
Marina: That really made me happy, so I just wanted to say thanks again.
Yukina: I believe I also said you didn't need to thank us...
Marina: I know, I know! This is the last time, I promise.
Marina: It was just so nice to see you guys and our customers having so much fun.
Yukina: It was also a very important experience for me.
Yukina: It allowed me to learn more about Yamato-san and the others' views and feelings towards music.
Yukina: I'm sure that will prove valuable to not only me, but to Roselia as a whole.
Marina: Oh? Can you tell me what you mean by that?
Yukina: Well... As you know, Roselia is currently aiming for the top...
Yukina: And listening to Yamato-san and the others talk reminded me that there are multiple paths to the same goal.
Yukina: So now, I need to review my own strategy, as well as my reasons for playing music.
Yukina: If I don't, I may never make it to the top...
Marina: The top, huh...? I can't really imagine it.
Yukina: ... In any case, I will never get there if I don't do everything that I can in this moment.
Yukina: Neglecting the world in front of me will only take me farther away from my goal.
Marina: Fufu, I think Sayo-chan said something similar a while ago.
Yukina: She did...? Well, that's good.
Yukina: In other words, we share the same path.
Yukina: ... My apologies for keeping you. I will see you again tomorrow.
Marina: Yup, see you then!
