756_Yukina Minato_R2 Toward The Light

<With The Person I Admire>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[A Day Off]

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: (... Phew.)
Yukina: (It's been a while since I've been able to space out and think about nothing.)
Yukina: (Time to rest is quite important though. If I want to give my best effort, I need to save my energy...)
Yukina: (Especially after making it this far...)
Yukina's Dad: Yukina, you there?
Yukina: Yes, I'm here. You can come in.
Yukina's Dad: Sorry to intrude.
Yukina: Is something the matter?
Yukina's Dad: What do you mean? I'm here for one reason. Congratulations on winning the contest.
Yukina: Thank you. But this was as expected. We spent a lot of time putting in the necessary rehearsal for this purpose.
Yukina's Dad: Oh, I know. I have been keeping an eye on you.
Yukina's Dad: So no rehearsal today?
Yukina: Correct. We've reached the perfect point to take a break.
Yukina's Dad: Good. Resting is important too, you know. If you want to give your best effort, you need to save your energy.
Yukina: Fufu, I know. That's what I'm doing. The reason we made it this far is the strength everyone brings to the table...
Yukina: The contest is just a point we're passing through. The real show is the fes coming up.
Yukina: Lisa's kindness that envelops everyone...Sayo's sincerity that pushes her to pursue her own sound...
Yukina: Rinko's bravery that advances her forward despite her timidity... Ako's innocence that reminds us all of our strength...
Yukina: I wish you could see that Roselia now.
Yukina's Dad: I'm sorry I couldn't make it to the contest.
Yukina's Dad: I really did want to go, but I thought it would be better if I didn't until you came to me and invited me yourself.
Yukina: I appreciate that. When it comes to musicians, we only see the result. I only want you to see us when we're standing on the fes stage.
Yukina: I will stand on that same stage as the musicians worthy of respect, and I want you to evaluate me the same way you would those musicians...
Yukina: That's what's important. The result. All of the effort and worrying that leads up to that do not come into consideration when being judged, right?
Yukina: I don't want you to see the process. I want you to see the outcome that remains.
Yukina: That is why I would like for you to come to the fes. That's where I want you to hear my... to hear Roselia's music.
Yukina's Dad: Okay then. I'll be there. You have my word.
Yukina's Dad: And I'll listen as if you were just another musician.
Yukina's Dad: The performance you put on, the music you play... I look forward to it all.
Yukina: You'll be glad you did.
Yukina's Dad: Yukina...
Yukina's Dad: I want to see your best performance. Good luck.
Yukina's Dad: That... is coming from your father.
Yukina: Thank you, father.


<The Path I Believe In>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Record Shop]

Yukina: ...
Yukina: ...? {{userName}}-san...? Sorry, I couldn't hear you over the music.
Yukina: You want to know which band I was listening to?
Yukina: No, I wouldn't say I'm a fan. It's something the shop is recommending.
Yukina: We don't have rehearsal today, so I came to look at some new records. I was hoping to find a song that might give me some ideas or motivation.
Yukina: I want to give back the little bit I can to the band before we stand upon that stage we've been aiming for as Roselia...
Yukina: ... Congratulations?
Yukina: Oh, yes. Thank you. So you know about the contest, then.
Yukina: We haven't achieved our goal yet, though.
Yukina: We aim to perform on the Future World Fes stage.
Yukina: If we put on a show I'm satisfied with and convinced by, we will have accomplished what we set out to do.
Yukina: We can't get complacent before that.
Yukina: ... After the fes?
Yukina: I see. So you're also worried that we will have nothing to aim for in the future.
Yukina: No, we don't have anything that we would call a goal that would follow at the moment. We don't, however, feel uncertainty because of that.
Yukina: Whatever comes in the future is something that our future selves will find.
Yukina: It's been one year since that last contest. During the period that followed, we were able to overcome our weaker selves. We learned how to look straight ahead.
Yukina: With the way we are now, we can overcome whatever we're faced with in the future. I believe in the future of Roselia... I believe in the future of us five.
Yukina: So, {{userName}}-san. Follow along as we lead.
