847_Yukina Minato_R4 Satisfying Return

Gacha phrase: I love singing more than anyone!

<The Song We Deliver>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

[Restaurant]

Yukina: ...
Ran: ...
Kasumi: Mmm~! This is so good~! This is true happiness~.
Yukina: I'm glad to hear that.
Ran: ... Um, Minato-san. Why did you invite us here today?
Ran: You've barely said anything since we got here, and all we've done is sit and eat.
Yukina: I wanted to thank you two.
Kasumi: Thank us...? Did we do something?
Yukina: You've given Roselia so much. Thanks to you, we were able to stand on stage that day at Future World Fes. Consider this my thanks.
Yukina: I actually wanted to assemble everyone here today, but it seems my request was too sudden and our schedules didn't match up.
Ran: It's not like I've got tons of free time either, you know.
Kasumi: I'm just so happy~. This is the first time I've gotten to eat with you like this, Yukina-senpai!
Yukina: So... How was the festival?
Kasumi: It was amazing! All the bands were so cool! It was super sparkling and heart-pounding!
Ran: It was overwhelming. Everything from the scale to the crowd's energy...
Ran: Plus, Roselia's performance had this power and depth to it... It was so incredible. I don't even know how to explain it. It was just overwhelming.
Ran: ... You really showed me just how amazing Roselia really is.
Ran: ... Um... I know I've been kind of a jerk at times, and... I'm sorry.
Kasumi: I felt it too! I was blown away by Roselia's performance! You know, we've played together on the same stage a bunch of times, but...
Kasumi: You reminded me that you're the type of band we're aiming to be!
Yukina: Thank you, you two... We also thought we did very well.
Kasumi: We may only know an eensy-weensy bit of what it took to get there...
Kasumi: But from what I could see, you all had such bright expressions while on stage...
Kasumi: It made me realize that all your struggles are what helped you get there.
Kasumi: From the very first song, your music echoed through my entire body and sent shivers down my spine!
Kasumi: In any case, it was awesome!
Yukina: We've been influenced a lot by Poppin'Party, Afterglow... and many other bands.
Yukina: I'm sure that Roselia wouldn't exist as we are today if we hadn't met people like you. We wouldn't have been able to stand on the stage of our dreams.
Yukina: That's why I wanted to say thank you for inviting me to the Girls Band Party.
Kasumi: Yukina-senpai...!
Yukina: As for you, Mitake-san...
Yukina: Your strength of heart and dedication reminded me what it was like to be passionate about things.
Ran: C'mon... it's not like that...
Yukina: I think Roselia and I were always being saved by the both of you.
Yukina: So I'm relieved that we've managed to give something back to you.
Ran: When did you get so timid? What happened to the person who used to lecture us all the time?
Ran: ... But you know, there's a lot of stuff you've helped us realize, too. I think Kasumi and I can agree on that.
Kasumi: That's right! Yukina-senpai, you've taught me so much!
Kasumi: Not just about performing, either! You've taught me so much... From how to live life to the fullest to all sorts of other approaches.
Yukina: Yes, there was so much we had to refine in preparation for that day. While improving our skills was a given, we also had to look at how we approached our music and the stage.
Yukina: ... At first, skills were all I believed in, but after meeting you all, I learned that there was more to music.
Yukina: While preparing for the festival, you helped me realize the importance of delivering a message through song.
Yukina: So from now on, I'd like to sing more songs with messages to deliver.
Kasumi: Wow... I think that's a great idea! Focusing on the message you deliver sounds so cool!
Ran: Asking Aya-san might be a good idea then... Pastel＊Palettes is the group that taught me about singing songs for others.
Kasumi: Hello, Happy World!'s songs are all about bringing smiles to peoples' faces, so I bet Kokoron might have some good stuff to say, too!
Kasumi: Yukina-senpai, next time, let's invite Aya-senpai and Kokoron! That way we can all talk together!
Yukina: Yes, let's.
Kasumi: Now I'm all excited! I wonder if they'd come if I called them now!
Ran: Aya-san said she had plans, so don't you think we should save it for next time?
Kasumi: Ah, you're right! Oooh~, shoot!
Yukina: Then I'll contact you two again soon.
Kasumi: Yeah! Call me anytime! Whether it's tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, or whenever!
Yukina: Mitake-san, are you fine with that?
Ran: W-well... I'll come if I've got nothing going on.
Kasumi: Ah~, this is gonna be so much fun! A song with a message to deliver... I wonder what a song like that would sound like.
Yukina: Toyama-san, you're getting ahead of yourself. It's not like I plan on having us make the song right away. I want to hear everyone's thoughts on the matter first.
Kasumi: Gotcha... But I'm so excited~!
Yukina: Goodness... Please calm down.
Kasumi: You know, Yukina-senpai... I love the way you are right now!
Yukina: Where did that come from?
Ran: ... You've changed, Minato-san. The old Minato-san would've definitely said, "Don't be ridiculous," or something like that.
Yukina: Well, that is also thanks to you two. Thank you.


<Choices for the Future>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Yukina-chan, great job at the festival! Looks like you're already back at practice too. That sounds like you, alright~.
Yukina: Hello. I wish you two could have been there to see us.
Marina: Sorry~! I couldn't get anyone to take my shift that day... Well, I guess I really shouldn't be too surprised, haha.
Marina: But it really sounds like you knocked the crowd's socks off! Everyone's been telling me about you guys.
Yukina: Yes. I'm confident that we were able to take the passion at that venue and make it our own.
Marina: It's incredible that you were able to fire up a crowd that big, though! Were you nervous?
Yukina: I suppose... The moment I took in the venue's atmosphere, I knew we couldn't face it without a strong resolution.
Yukina: When our show began and the sound of our music filled the venue... I don't think I've ever been happier in my life.
Marina: It sounds like you all had a lot of fun. I can tell just by looking at your face.
Yukina: Can you? ... {{userName}}-san, do I look that way to you right now?
Marina: It's no wonder you had fun. Roselia worked so hard to play at that festival. I'm sure it must have been equal parts fun and joy.
Yukina: We actually wrote a new song for the festival. The theme this time was about how our future is ours to choose and grasp.
Yukina: We've been through so much. From the forming of Roselia... to internal conflicts...
Yukina: They aren't all nice memories, of course. There are plenty of bitter ones as well.
Yukina: But all of those memories are the results of our choices.
Yukina: And in the end, we all chose to be part of Roselia.
Yukina: So even now that our long-awaited festival concert is over, we decided that we will continue to choose the path we want to walk on.
Marina: Yukina-chan... That's some determination. Now I really wish I could've seen your show! You worked so hard to get there, after all!
Yukina: While our performance that day was certainly one of a kind, I know we can give a similar performance anywhere now.
Yukina: So I hope you'll expect great things from our future performances.
Marina: That's the Yukina-chan I know! I'm looking forward to it!
Yukina: We're planning on playing our new song at our next shows as well, so I'd be very happy if you could hear it.
Marina: For sure. I can't wait!
Yukina: This song is going to be very important to us from now on, so we want as many people to hear it as possible.
Yukina: ... Oh, is it that time already? My break is over, so I'll be heading back to practice.
Yukina: I must make sure Roselia's sound can continue to echo far and wide.
Marina: You really are cool, Yukina-chan. With those nerves of steel, I'm sure you'll be fine! Good luck at practice.
Yukina: Yes, thank you. Well then, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, I'll see you later.
