1093_Yukina Minato_R4 Shrine Maiden Scuffle

Gacha phrase: Greetings, visitors. I would like to wish all of you a Happy New Year.

<100 Wishes for Good Health>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Imai Residence - Lisa's Room]

Lisa: I'm really sorry about last time! I know I caused you two a lot of trouble.
Yukina: It was not your fault, Lisa. There is no need to apologize.
Arisa: Yeah. How are you feeling anyway?
Lisa: My fever's down, and I feel great~☆ I bet I could even play the bass!
Yukina: ... Oh, really?
Lisa: Trust me! That's why I feel kinda bad for having you guys come and check on m- Cough, cough.
Yukina: It seems your cough has not gone away. You should not push yourself.
Arisa: They do say you should keep taking it easy even when you're recovering from a cold~.
Arisa: Oh, yeah. Here are some things from me and Yukina-senpai. Some energy drinks, pudding, and mandarin oranges.
Lisa: Wow, you guys got me so much stuff! And this pudding's my favorite kind~! I've been wanting some since it's been so long since I last had it. Thanks so much!
Yukina: You're welcome.
Arisa: Huh, so you knew it was her favorite, didn't you?
Arisa: I guess you two really are childhood friends.
Yukina: Not really... I just remembered seeing her eat it before.
Lisa: I see~...
Arisa: These mandarin oranges are from the shrine office.
Yukina: Vitamin C is supposed to help when you have a cold. The people there wanted me to wish you well.
Lisa: Everyone's so nice. I'm so grateful~!
Arisa: These oranges were really sweet, weren't they?
Yukina: Yes. I had quite a few, but there are still a lot left.
Arisa: Same here. I even gave some to my grandma and everyone.
Lisa: Interesting...
Yukina: ...? Lisa, why are you staring at us?
Lisa: It's just a feeling, but you guys seem closer than before.
Arisa: What?! I'm not sure I'd put it that way... It's just, you know...
Yukina: I suppose so. I do think we have gotten closer.
Lisa: Oh, so I was right!
Yukina: When we were working as shrine maidens, Ichigaya-san helped me a lot. I think I have gotten to know her better as a result.
Arisa: Really?!
Yukina: ...? That was my impression of the situation. Is yours different?
Arisa: N-no! I... feel the same way...
Lisa: I see, I see! I'm so happy things worked out for you guys☆
Lisa: To tell the truth, I was kinda worried Arisa would panic, or that you'd make mistakes because it's your first time~.
Yukina: Those things did happen.
Lisa: Huh?! They did?! Were you guys okay?!
Arisa: W-we were fine! Umm... Yukina-senpai helped me.
Arisa: It wasn't exactly easy, but looking back, it was kinda fun...
Yukina: ... Yes, I agree.
Lisa: Well, glad to hear it. I guess there was nothing for me to worry about then♪
Yukina: ... Oh, I also want you to have this.
Arisa: Ah, me too! I've got something for you!
Lisa: Hm?
Yukina: It's a health charm.
Arisa: I'd like you to have this too... It's the same thing, though.
Lisa: Thanks! But why two...?
Yukina: We just happened to both want to give these to you. Please take them.
Lisa: Ahaha! So that's what happened~! Thanks, you two! I'll take good care of them.
Lisa: With both of you praying for me to get better, I bet this cold's gonna go away real soon!
Arisa: Maybe the charms will be twice as effective now...
Lisa: With you guys wishing me well, I'm sure the effect will be twice as powerful... no, a hundred times more powerful!
Yukina: Fufu... I hope so.


<How I Move Forward>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Shrine - Front]

Marina: Well, now that we're done with our New Year's shrine visit, all that remains is getting that talisman. Ah, I wonder what we're supposed to do with the old one.
Yukina: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: Ah, Yukina-chan! Happy New Year!
Yukina: Happy New Year. It feels strange to see you at a shrine.
Marina: Fufu, I know what you mean! Are you also here for your New Year's shrine visit?
Yukina: Yes, I came with Lisa. She's drawing an omikuji... Are both of you also here for your New Year's shrine visit?
Marina: Mmhmm. We're also going to get a talisman for CiRCLE.
Marina: The problem is, we have no clue where our old talisman should be offered.
Yukina: There is a place to the right of the shrine where you can offer it. At this hour, you should also be able to get a new talisman without having to wait too long.
Marina: I see! Thanks~. You sure know a lot about this shrine.
Yukina: I learned a little more about this shrine while doing shrine work here on New Year's.
Marina: Oh, were you a shrine maiden? How did that happen...?
Yukina: It was supposed to be Lisa's job, but she came down with a cold, so I took her place.
Marina: I see. It must have been very challenging.
Yukina: It was... But that also made it worth doing.
Yukina: And I had Ichigaya-san to help me.
Marina: Arisa-chan? Does that mean she was also a shrine maiden?
Yukina: Yes, and it was not easy for her either. She panicked quite a few times.
Yukina: However, once she got accustomed to the job, she started paying more attention to the needs of the visitors.
Yukina: I assume she did so because she has a kind heart deep down. I am sure the people who were treated well by her appreciated it.
Marina: Yeah, I think I know what you mean. She's a shy but sweet girl.
Yukina: Yes. However, I had trouble understanding what she wanted to say at first because she was so timid.
Marina: Fufu, it was probably because she was nervous, right?
Yukina: Oh? In any case, working with her showed me the importance of helping each other out.
Yukina: She was not the only one. When I was doing shrine work, people like LAYER and Seta-san also offered their assistance.
Yukina: If not for them, I never would have been able to do my job properly.
Marina: I see. It sounds like a lot of people offered their support.
Yukina: Now that I think about it, it is also like that with Roselia. Because we help each other out, we can all continue to look straight ahead.
Yukina: Shrine work reminded me of that.
Marina: I see. It sounds like being a shrine maiden was a valuable experience for you.
Yukina: Yes, it was. I can genuinely say I am glad I had the chance to do it.
Marina: I see. Well, I'm glad you managed to make it through!
Yukina: Thank you. I hope you will let me use CiRCLE again this year.
Marina: Of course, we will! I look forward to seeing you again at CiRCLE throughout the year!
