1217_Yukina Minato_R4 Path of the Blue Rose

Gacha phrase: Right now, it may be best to just sing with this feeling in mind.

<The Sunset and Blue Rose>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Yukina: ...
Yukina: (We have a meeting at CiRCLE today.)
Yukina: (We need to discuss our next show and...)
Yukina: ... Lisa, you are late.
Ran: Lisa...?
Yukina: ...? Mitake-san?
Yukina: Sorry, I thought you were Lisa.
Ran: What are you doing out in the hallway, Minato-san?
Yukina: I am waiting for Lisa. She said she had business in the staff room.
Yukina: What business do you have coming to the third-years' classrooms?
Ran: Huh...?
Yukina: This is the third-year's floor, is it not?
Ran: I know that.
Yukina: So...?
Ran: ...
Yukina: (I wonder why Mitake-san is here...?)
Yukina: (She does not seem to have business in any of the classrooms...)
Yukina: Erm, Mitake-san?
Ran: So you can see the sunset from here too...
Yukina: Yes, you can...
Yukina: (Seriously, what did she come here for...?)
Ran: Uh, that's not what I came to discuss though...
Ran: I went to your show the other day, so I thought I'd share my thoughts with you.
Yukina: Our show...?
Ran: The music agency's event. The one that lots of professional musicians appeared in.
Yukina: ... Mitake-san, you went to see Roselia perform?
Ran: I-I didn't just go for Roselia.
Ran: Tomoe said she heard about the event from Ako, so I went to see it with her, that's all.
Yukina: I see. And what did you think of our performance?
Ran: Well, it felt like... you were trying to move even further forward.
Yukina: ...
Ran: At Future World Fes., I felt like all of Roselia had finally arrived at the same point.
Ran: But at your recent show, it felt like you were all ready to take on some new challenge...
Ran: It made me think that, even if you reached one goal, you still had further you could go.
Yukina: ... Mitake-san, how perceptive of you.
Ran: Are you making fun of me...?
Yukina: No, that was my honest opinion.
Yukina: I am very happy if that is the impression we made on you.
Ran: Actually, I was relieved. Relieved you weren't satisfied with stopping at Future World Fes.
Ran: Because we can't think of Roselia as our rivals if you just give up like that.
Yukina: You did say that you wanted to give a performance that outdoes ours at Future World Fes.
Yukina: But we also intend to do the very same thing.
Yukina: We do not have time to be satisfied with our current selves.
Ran: ... I couldn't agree more.
Yukina: Perhaps another day will come where we can meet upon the stage again.
Ran: When that time comes, we won't go easy on you. Look forward to seeing how much Afterglow has improved.
Yukina: Yes, I already am.


<A Simple Reason>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Mmm, what nice weather we're having.
Marina: What should we do for lunch? Do you want to have it here in the café?
Marina: ...? That table over there. Is that...?
Yukina: ... Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hello, Yukina-chan. Do you have practice here in the studio today?
Yukina: Yes, we do.
Marina: Nice. Good luck!
Marina: Ah, that reminds me. I heard a rumor, but... is Roselia really going to debut under a major label?
Yukina: It has not been officially decided yet, but we are confident about it.
Yukina: All of our members are very motivated at the moment.
Marina: Wow, so it is true...!
Marina: I was surprised when I heard about it, but I also knew it had to be true~.
Marina: With your skills and reputation, I had a feeling this would happen someday.
Yukina: I am honored that you thought that way.
Marina: Do you have any goals for after your debut?
Yukina: No, personally, I do not have any yet.
Marina: Really?
Yukina: Because of that, I caused a little trouble for the other members...
Yukina: But thanks to their kind words, I realized I do not need a goal just yet.
Yukina: I just need to be honest with myself and my love of singing.
Yukina: However, I would like for my songs to be heard by many more people. I want to sing to them on a big stage.
Yukina: Apparently this is enough of a reason to debut.
Marina: It's a simple reason, but it might be the most important one.
Yukina: Yes, I am satisfied with it for now.
Yukina: Because we will surely find greater heights in the direction that these feelings take us...
Marina: A love of singing, huh...?
Marina: I feel like you have grown a lot since I first met you, Yukina-chan.
Marina: And now, I feel like you are finally returning to where you started.
Yukina: I am sure that returning to one's roots is important for anybody.
Yukina: For that is what shows you the way when you are lost...
Yukina: I think from here on out I will be returning to my roots to find my way many times.
Marina: I believe that whatever path you take will lead to a bright future for you, Yukina-chan.
Marina: But you're going to leave us for a major label... That makes me feel a little lonely...
Yukina: How so?
Marina: Well, you probably won't come to CiRCLE very much once you debut...
Yukina: You do not need to worry about that.
Yukina: Because CiRCLE is one part of Roselia's beginning.
Yukina: I want to keep treasuring the shows we do here.
Marina: Yukina-chan...
Yukina: So please, keep working with us. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Yeah! Please keep coming back!
