1322_Yukina Minato_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: It makes me very happy to have all of you celebrating like this.

<Soothing Cuteness>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Ako: Yukina-san, happy birthday!
Yukina: Thank you. It's nice to celebrate with you all like this.
Lisa: Yukina, here's a present from all of us!
Yukina: What could it be...? Th-this is... a cat body pillow...!
Lisa: You're always pushing yourself really hard, right? So we wanted you to make sure you rest properly so you can keep performing well.
Sayo: A body pillow can provide deep relaxation and sound sleep. After all, it is important to have a proper rest every now and then.
Yukina: ...
Ako: Huh? Yukina-san? What's wrong? You've frozen up with the pillow in your arms.
Rinko: Since you have this pillow now... please try to... relax more.
Yukina: R-right...
Lisa: Ah, don't tell me this adorable pillow has left you speechless!
Yukina: N-no... That is not the case at all...
Sayo: Minato-san, you are grinning.
Lisa: Fufu, you're so cute when you blush♪ Ah, can I take a photo while you're making that face? To commemorate your birthday!
Yukina: Y-you do not need to do that...
Lisa: Don't be like that♪ C'mon, Yukina, look this way. Yeah, lookin' good! Okay, here I go. Say cheese☆
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<The Kitty Speaketh>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: Thank you, Lisa. I appreciate you coming over.
Lisa: It's totally fine! But I can't believe you left tomorrow's homework until the last minute... Not to mention you said you left the handout at school.
Yukina: I intended to do it at school but accidentally forgot about it. I was too busy thinking about a song...
Lisa: Jeez, that sounds like something you would do. Well, I guess it can't be helped if you were thinking about a song.
Lisa: ... Ah. That's the cat body pillow we gave you! Seeing as how it's on your bed, that must mean you've been using it~♪
Yukina: Wha- Th-that's...
Lisa: Fufu, thank goodness☆ So how is it? Do you sleep well when you cuddle it?
Yukina: ... It just happens to be in that spot right now. It's not as if I sleep with it in my arms.
Lisa: What~? Really~?
Yukina: Wh-why would I lie about it?
Lisa: Well then, how about I try asking this little one?
Yukina: ...?
Lisa: Hey there, little kitty. When you go to sleep at night, do you and Yukina sleep separately?
Lisa: No~, we don't, meow~. I sleep with Yukina-chan every night, meow~.
Lisa: Ah, really? That's what I thought~♪
Yukina: Wha- Ohh...! Please stop joking around.
Lisa: Ahaha, sorry, sorry.
Lisa: Yukina-chan, don't get so mad, meow~. Forgive Lisa-chan, meow~.
Yukina: Hey, Lisa!
