1358_Yukina Minato_R4 A Holy Night’s Gift

Gacha phrase: Perhaps I... may have changed.

<The Time Spent Together>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato)

[Walking Home]

Yukina: ... I'm running really behind schedule. I need to head to prac- Hrm?
Tsugumi: ... The exhibition we're going to has works from students at your father's school, doesn't it?
Ran: Yeah, all of our students will have something on display.
Moca: By the way, the great Ran-sensei's piece is smack dab in the middle of the show~.
Ran: Moca, stop running your big mou- Ah...
Tsugumi: Yukina-senpai! Hello! Are you on your way home?
Yukina: No, I am on my way to practice. Where are you all going?
Ran: Um... We're going to a flower arrangement exhibition.
Yukina: Really?
Moca: Yes, siree~. Creations from the Mitake School of Flowers will be on display today. Ran's will be too~.
Yukina: Oh. I knew that Mitake-san did flower arranging, but I've never seen her work.
Moca: Fufufu~. About that~...
Ran: Moca, you better not say anything stupid.
Moca: Huh?
Ran: You were about to say something weird like, "Her arrangements mesmerize all who see them," weren't you?
Ran: I can tell by that look on your face.
Moca: B-busted~... This has been my greatest folly~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha...
Yukina: ...
Ran: ...? Minato-san...?
Yukina: Yes?
Ran: It's nothing. I just don't see you smile like that very often.
Moca: Yeah~. Next thing we know, it's gonna start snowing like crazy, and we won't have to go to school tomorrow~.
Yukina: ... What exactly do you think of me?
Tsugumi: I-I'm sorry! Moca-chan, you can't say things like that.
Ran: What made you smile?
Yukina: I was just remembering something like this that has happened to me before.
Moca: Something like this~?
Yukina: Yes. Just now, Mitake-san knew what you were going to say before you said it, right, Aoba-san?
Yukina: The same thing happens with Roselia too.
Yukina: As we've been spending more time together, we've come to know each other very well...
Yukina: Watching you two reminded me of that.
Moca: Ohhh~, so Roselia's finally reached this level~.
Ran: This level...?
Tsugumi: Spending more time together, huh? Right, whereas we've been together ever since we were kids.
Moca: Ahh~, when I close my eyes, I can still remember it like it was yesterday~.
Moca: Little Ran was so cute peeking at us from behind Daddy Ran~.
Ran: No reminiscing ... Seriously, now's not the time for embarrassing stories.
Tsugumi: Fufufu. Once we all became friends, she would argue so much with Tomoe-chan. They'd fight over their favorite toys.
Ran: Not you too, Tsugumi...! Well, if you two are gonna keep talking, then I've got some "memories" of my own to share...!
Yukina: You all... have shared so many precious moments together.
Ran: I-I wouldn't call them "precious"...
Moca: Keep talking like that, and you're gonna make me blush~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. That makes me happy. Thank you, Yukina-senpai.
Yukina: I was just speaking the truth.
Ran: ... You do tend to do that, Minato-san.
Yukina: What do you mean by that...?
Ran: N-nothing... Forget I said anything.
Yukina: ...? Well, I need to go. I'd like to visit the exhibition if I get the chance.
Moca: Please do~. If you see the great Ran-sensei's piece, you'll definitely feel inspired~.
Ran: There you go running your mouth again...!
Tsugumi: I hope you have a good practice, Yukina-senpai. Oh, I just remembered! If you have time after practice, please come by my shop!
Tsugumi: We're going there for some tea after the exhibition.
Yukina: Oh. Well, Roselia will come by later, then.
Moca: Okey-dokey~, we'll be waiting~.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan and Tomoe-chan are coming later too. It'll be fun!
Ran: See you later, Minato-san.
Yukina: See you.


<What Shapes Our Music>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Yukina: Hi, Marina-san. Is the room I reserved available now?
Marina: Hi, Yukina-chan. Sorry, we're getting it ready as we speak. Could you wait a few minutes?
Yukina: I'm here early, so it's no problem.
Yukina: Hrm? There's a Christmas tree here...
Marina: It's Christmas time, so I wanted to do something festive. I thought it would bring some holiday cheer to everyone who comes to CiRCLE.
Yukina: Oh. Well, it's very beautiful.
Marina: Fufu. Thanks. Christmas is over, so I should take it down soon~.
Marina: Hey, didn't Roselia have a Christmas party? Ako-chan was telling me about it.
Yukina: Yes, we did. I never imagined we'd have to prepare everything from scratch, though.
Marina: Fufu. Everyone working together so they can spend a special day with each other sounds fun.
Yukina: ... It was. Our Christmas party made me realize many things.
Marina: Oh, really? Like what?
Yukina: I had always felt that Christmas was an ordinary day like any other.
Yukina: However, this Christmas felt special.
Yukina: Roselia was formed with the goal of reaching the top of the music industry. So when we first started, we only focused on our music.
Yukina: But soon... we naturally began spending more time together outside of shows and rehearsals.
Marina: I know. I've heard from the others about all the fun you've been having together.
Yukina: This time that we've been spending together is what's shaping our music now... The Christmas party made that very clear to me.
Yukina: I never knew how pleasant and enjoyable spending Christmas with those dear to you could be.
Marina: I know what you mean. A special day feels even more special when you're spending it with people you care about.
Yukina: Maybe on some level, I've always known that, but I wasn't able to realize it until we had our Christmas party.
Marina: Fufu. That's wonderful.
Yukina: It is. I never want to forget what our Christmas party has shown me, and I hope Roselia will continue spending time together...
Yukina: That's what I learned this Christmas.
Marina: I feel like you just shared something really special with me. Thank you for such a wonderful Christmas present!
Yukina: ...? You're welcome. Thank you for listening.
Marina: ... Ah! I think your studio is ready now! Have a good practice.
Yukina: Thank you. Goodbye.
