1476_Yukina Minato_R5 Unchanging Warmth

<Unchanging Warmth>

Anime story


<Why I Don’t Bother Learning>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: I may have gotten ready a little too early, considering practice is at the usual time.
Yukina: ...! Snow...?
Yukina: I should probably put on a scarf.
Yukina: ... At least it'll keep me warm now. Good enough.
Yukina: Hm? It looks like Lisa's already here to pick me up.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minato Residence - Entrance]

Lisa: Yukina~! Let's go to practice together~.
Yukina: Okay.
Lisa: Can you believe it? It was snowing when I left the house~! Didn't expect everything to be covered with a bit of snow.
Yukina: Hopefully, it won't get any worse before we arrive at the studio.
Lisa: Yeah~. I mean, I like powdery snow, I just don't want a blizzard~.
Lisa: Since it's cold today, don't forget to dress warm, okay...? Hm?
Yukina: Yes?
Lisa: Your scarf's crooked.
Lisa: I bet you didn't even bother tying it properly.
Lisa: You're supposed to keep your neck warm~. Your voice is Roselia's light, you know?
Yukina: That's a bit of an exaggeration.
Lisa: Now stay still~.
Yukina: Wait...
Lisa: Throwing it around your neck is enough to keep you warm, but might as well add a dose of cuteness.
Yukina: Lisa...
Lisa: ... There, cuteness added!
Yukina: Hm... Thank you.
Lisa: All good now♪ Let's head to practice~☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Lisa: ... If you pass it up through here and adjust the shape, you get a half-bow knot.
Yukina: This seems a bit complicated, don't you think?
Lisa: Nah~, it'll be easy once you get the hang of it~.
Yukina: I had no idea there were so many ways to tie a scarf.
Lisa: Makes you realize the infinite possibilities of fashion, doesn't it?
Yukina: Now that you mention it, you're also particular about the way you tie ribbons.
Yukina: It was sports day back in middle school... I think.
Lisa: Ah~, you're talking about the red team headband~!
Lisa: Yeah, I did tie yours like a ribbon☆
Yukina: It was tied properly, and I was perfectly satisfied with how it was originally.
Lisa: Whether it's a scarf or headband, yours always end up crooked... Fufu, that's why I couldn't help it.
Yukina: What's that supposed to mean...? They're not always crooked.
Lisa: Don't you remember that time I tied your scarf in middle school, just like I did right now?
Yukina: You did?
Lisa: I showed you after school how to bow tie a scarf, but you couldn't do it the next day.
Lisa: So I ended up having to fix it for you.
Yukina: It was too complicated to memorize. Plus...
Yukina: I have you.
Lisa: ... Fufu, I guess you do~.
Lisa: Hey, Yukina. You're not cold, are you? I've got some honey-ginger throat drops. Want some?
Yukina: I would. Thank you.
Lisa: Sucking on it will warm you up real good. Makes them perfect for a cold day like this♪
Yukina: Also helps keep your throat moist... Hm?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Ah! It's started snowing again~.
Lisa: We should hurry up before it gets any worse.
Yukina: Yes, we should.
(White cut)
(Background change)
