1498_Yukina Minato_R3 Voice of Creation

Gacha phrase: Here we go. Our new journey is about to begin.

<Looking Ahead to the Future>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Sayo: We have finished rehearsing all of the songs we needed to for today. What shall we do now?
Lisa: How 'bout we take a break? We've been practicing for around two hours already.
Yukina: Okay. We can go back through the songs again after that.
Ako: Sounds good~.
Lisa: I'm gonna run to the café~.
Sayo: Imai-san, I'll join you.
Ako: Hey, Rin-rin, Yukina-san! How'd you like what I did just now?
Rinko: You mean how you played before the chorus, right...? It was... really cool...
Ako: Really?! I was thinking of doing it during our debut show!
Ako: It would definitely make the audience go wild! I can't wait~.
Yukina: I like your attitude. As we draw closer to the show, I think it is important to try many things.
Ako: Ehehe~. I'm going to make the debut show our greatest show ever!
Ako: So I'm going to try everything I can!
Yukina: Our debut show will be Roselia's first performance as a professional band.
Yukina: This first step will be crucial for us as we aim for the top.
Yukina: And that is exactly why we need to pour every ounce of ourselves into this show.
Rinko: Yes... I think this will be a very important performance... that will influence our future...
Yukina: However, we cannot only focus on what is right in front of us. We must be able to look ahead as well.
Yukina: Until now, we've decided when to perform and have worked to raise the quality of our music before each show.
Yukina: But from this point forward, we will not be able to set the pace of our shows as we please.
Ako: What do you mean?
Rinko: Our agency has its own way of doing things, so... show dates... may be closer together...
Yukina: Correct. It is even possible that we could have shows on consecutive days.
Rinko: Consecutive shows...
Ako: Oh... Something like that might happen, huh?
Rinko: I worry about having enough energy... We've never even had two shows one day after the other before...
Ako: Yeah... Sometimes I'm pretty tired after one show. I wonder if I can do multiple ones.
Yukina: We need to start preparing now for when that time comes.
Yukina: And to do that, we need to constantly be rehearsing with future performances in mind.
Yukina: We need to be capable of performing our music, Roselia's music, regardless of the situation or the kind of stage we are on.
Yukina: If we cannot do that, then reaching the top will only ever be a lofty dream.
Ako: Performing Roselia's music no matter what situation or stage...
Ako: Yeah! Because Roselia is always cool! That's just how we are!
Ako: Mmm~! I'm getting really pumped up!
Rinko: Yes... We have to... always be ready... to give it our all...
Yukina: Yes. And that is why, when we practice, we will need to focus on the future.
Yukina: If we do this, I am certain we will be able to deliver the best music on any stage.
Ako: All right! So~... Rin-rin! Starting tomorrow, we're going running!
Rinko: R-running...?
Ako: We've got to get superhuman stamina so we'll be okay playing back-to-back shows!
Lisa: We're back~. Huh? What are you all talking about?
Ako: Lisa-nee, Sayo-san! Welcome back!
Ako: Hey, you two should come running with us! We're doing it for Roselia's future!
Sayo: ...? I'm sorry, but what are you talking about...?
Yukina: Let's put that conversation aside for now.
Yukina: The first thing we should do is focus on today's rehearsal. Let's run it again from the top.
Ako: Okay~!
Lisa: ...? I wonder what they were talking about.
Sayo: Hmm...
Yukina: Is everyone ready?
Yukina: Let's work hard so we can play Roselia's music both anytime and anywhere... Here we go.


<Because I Stepped Forward>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Shopping District - Station Entrance]

Marina: That restaurant we went to for lunch was a little far, but the food was good. I'm glad we checked it out.
Yukina: Hrm...? Is that... Marina-san and {{userName}}-san?
Marina: Yukina-chan! Hi there. On your way home from school?
Yukina: Yes. I was just thinking about going to CiRCLE.
Marina: We were thinking of going back ourselves. Why don't we go together?
Marina: Ah, by the way, congrats on your debut show! People on social media were talking about how great it was.
Yukina: Thank you. I think we gave the show everything we could.
Marina: How was it performing on stage as a major artist? Did you get nervous?
Yukina: I did not. No matter what stage we perform on, Roselia's music will never change.
Yukina: But we did experience many things through the show.
Yukina: The realization that we are moving forward in this industry, the responsibility that comes with being on the stage...
Yukina: It was a whirlwind of emotions.
Marina: Not much time has passed since the show, so you might understand those feelings better in the days to come.
Yukina: Yes... But of all the things I felt, there is one that I'm certain of.
Yukina: The feeling... of joy.
Yukina: "If you can sing well, you want people to see it... And if they're gonna watch you, it might as well be on a huge stage in front of a big crowd!"
Yukina: Ako told me that when I wasn't sure about becoming a major musician... I thought of those words as I was singing on stage.
Marina: I see. You must have had a wonderful time performing.
Yukina: I did. But I still haven't found a good reason as to why I have entered the major music industry.
Yukina: That said, I did enjoy our debut show... I'm happy that entering this industry has allowed me to discover such joy.
Marina: I think enjoying what you do is necessary. Not only for playing music, but for continuing many other things too.
Marina: And as long as you feel that, then one day, I think you might find the answer you're looking for.
Yukina: Yes, I suppose I think so too.
Yukina: We are not going to stop until we reach the top. Until then, I will continue to hold this warm feeling in my heart.
Marina: We'll be right here cheering you on, so give it your all.
Marina: Once again, congratulations on your debut show. We can't wait to see what you do next.
Yukina: Me neither. Thank you.
