1535_Yukina Minato_R4 A Smile in the Water

Gacha phrase: Our last... summer.

<That Day at the Beach>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Live House - Stage]

Harumi: Great job, everyone! Your performance today was amazing as usual!
Yukina: Yes, thank you.
Ako: Today's show was totally awesome~! The audience's excitement was mind-blowing!
Lisa: Uh-huh! I was so moved by all those people shouting for an encore~.
Sayo: So that's why you were standing offstage looking like you were about to cry.
Lisa: C-can you blame me~?!
Rinko: Still, it really was... a wonderful concert... Our sound reached every nook and cranny of the venue...
Harumi: What are you all doing after this? If you don't have any plans, I'd be happy to drive you all home.
Lisa: I don't think we have any plans today... Right, Yukina?
Yukina: Yes... That's correct. However, there is a quick stop I'd like to make on the way home. Would you mind taking us there...?
Lisa: Where's that...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Beach]

Yukina: Thank you. You can stop here.
Sayo: This is...
Ako: It's the beach we came to the other day with Sis and the others~!
Ako: I wonder if the sandcastle you guys built is still here, Sayo-san.
Sayo: Surely it has collapsed by now.
Rinko: That day... was so fun... I often look at... the group photo we took...
Ako: It reaaally was the bestest beach day ever~!
Lisa: Hearing you say that makes all the planning worth it~☆
Ako: The barbecue was a blast too~. I ate a ton of meat and shrimp!
Yukina: I recall you saying you were so full you couldn't move.
Ako: P-please forget about that~! It was super duper yummy, after all!
Yukina: Fufu...
Lisa: What are we doing here, anyway? I wouldn't expect you to wanna come back again, Yukina.
Yukina: I don't really know either.
Yukina: However, our band activities are bound to become even more demanding from now on.
Yukina: In turn, our private time will decrease...
Yukina: When I thought about that, I wished to see this beach again for some reason.
Sayo: I think I know how you feel, Minato-san. Time that has passed can never be turned back.
Rinko: Yes... That is why, sometimes... it's nice to reminisce... I want to relive... the details of that memory...
Lisa: Yeah. Not to mention, that urge is even stronger since it's a memory of our last summer of high school...
Lisa: ...
Ako: Lisa-nee, are you okay...?
Lisa: Huh? I'm fine, I'm fine! I just spaced out a little.
Harumi: Well, why don't we hang around here for a while then?
Harumi: We probably can't swim at this hour, but they sell fireworks nearby. I'm sure we can make some nice memories!
Yukina: Thank you... However, I'll pass.
Yukina: There is something else we must do right now.
Rinko: Our nationwide tour... is approaching...
Sayo: Yes. We can't have a successful tour with a half-hearted attitude.
Lisa: Right!
Ako: Uh-huh! The power of darkness will make my right arm... Ah, and my left arm... and my right foot for pressing pedals... and my left foot...
Ako: At any rate, I'll do my best!
Yukina: Let's commit to making it a success. We'll take Roselia to the next level.
Yukina: And when we've accomplished everything we set out to do... I'd like to come to the beach again with you all.
Lisa: Yeah. It's a deal!
Harumi: I understand how you all feel...! I will also do everything I can to ensure the tour goes well!
Harumi: Well then, we should get going. Hop in the car, everyone.
Ako: Okay! I want the window seat~! Sit next to me, Rin-rin!
Rinko: W-wait... Ako-chan...
Sayo: Udagawa-san, watch your step. You'll trip over the bags at your feet.
Lisa: Ahaha. You're always so full of energy, Ako~☆
Yukina: Lisa.
Lisa: Yeah?
Yukina: Thank you for bringing us here that day.
Yukina: I can't help but feel like that day was invaluable to me somehow.
Lisa: I see... Fufu, you're welcome!
Yukina: We should go now. Ako and the others are waiting for us.


<Meanings Realized in Summer>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Station Entrance]

Yukina: We finished earlier than expected... Oh. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Good evening, Yukina-chan. Are you on your way home?
Yukina: Yes, we had a meeting at the agency.
Marina: Is that so? Working hard I see. We just finished work as well.
Marina: It must be quite hectic to attend meetings right after school.
Marina: You're juggling work, school, and practice... Are you able to take time for yourself?
Yukina: There's no need to worry about me. In fact, we went to the beach the other day.
Marina: Fufu, really? I'm glad to hear that.
Yukina: We ran into the Afterglow members at the beach and it was quite the shock. At first, I thought it a mere coincidence. However...
Yukina: Lisa and Aoba-san secretly planned for us to be there at the same time.
Marina: Fufu, so they wanted to surprise you.
Yukina: Yes... We made a nice memory of our last summer of high school.
Marina: Oh, right... You and Lisa-chan are third-year students, so this summer will be your last.
Yukina: To be honest... I hadn't even realized it until Lisa pointed it out.
Yukina: But after listening to Lisa, the way I look at things has changed a little.
Yukina: We can never get this time back...  I understand that now.
Marina: I know the feeling~. The last summer of high school is extra special.
Marina: I'm sure the memories you made the other day will stay with you forever.
Yukina: ... Yes, I believe so. I finally understand what that means.
Yukina: I don't usually take note of these sorts of things, so I should thank Lisa for bringing it to my attention.
Marina: Fufufu, I bet Lisa-chan would be happy to hear that.
Yukina: ... Yes. I will let her know again.
Marina: Ah, sorry to keep you. You must be tired.
Yukina: It's fine. Well, I shall get going then. See you next time at CiRCLE.
