1629_Yukina Minato_R2 New Crush

<Post-trip Camera Roll>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kasumi: Ohh~, today's practice was so much fun!
Arisa: I'm completely exhausted... We had the studio for two and a half hours and used most of that time playing.
Kasumi: Oh, hey! Can I drop by the basement after this?!
Arisa: Are you planning on playing more? I don't mind you coming by, but I need a break...
Yukina: ... Fufu.
Arisa: ... Huh? Isn't that person looking at their phone over there Yukina-senpai?
Kasumi: Ah, you're right! Yukina-senpai~!
Yukina: ...! Toyama-san, Ichigaya-san... So the two of you are here as well.
Kasumi: Yes! Are you having tea?
Arisa: D-don't suddenly yell out like that! What were you gonna do if she was on a work call?
Yukina: ... It's all right. I was only looking at some photos.
Arisa: You were? What kind of photos are they?
Yukina: I went on a school excursion the other day... I thought I would organize the photos I took between rehearsals.
Kasumi: They're school trip photos?!
Arisa: Ohh... If I remember correctly, you went to Australia, right? That's what I heard from Lisa-san.
Kasumi: Wow~! Can we see them?!
Yukina: Very well... I do not particularly mind.
Kasumi: Yay! Thank you very much! Hear that? She's letting us see them!
Arisa: Yeah, I heard her! Let's take a look.
Kasumi: Whoa, these are amazing! This is Australia?! You're so lucky~!
Kasumi: I've seen this cool building in a textbook before! It kinda looks like it'd take off flying into the sky!
Yukina: That's the photo I took at the Opera House.
Arisa: Whoa, that's incredible... I think this might be the first time I've seen it at an angle from below.
Arisa: Ah, are these pictures from a zoo?
Yukina: ... Yes, that's right. We also went to the local zoo.
Kasumi: Wow~, it's a koala! It's so cute~! It's fluffy, and it has such a big nose~!
Arisa: Oh, the next photo's also of a koala. The shot of it from diagonally above is cute too.
Kasumi: Yeah! The next one is... a napping koala~!
Arisa: Right. Um... is the next photo also of a koala?
Kasumi: With them being this cute, you can't help but wanna take pictures~.
Arisa: Actually... aren't there a few too many pics of koalas?
Yukina: ... I have plans after this, so I ask that you return my phone.
Kasumi: Aw~, I wanted to look at the photos for a little longer~...
Arisa: D-don't be so selfish... Thank you very much, Yukina-senpai.
Kasumi: Please show us the other pictures when you have free time again!
Yukina: Very well... Until then...
Arisa: ... I wonder if Yukina-senpai took a liking to koalas.


<Her Expressions, My Thoughts>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Station Entrance]

Yukina: ... Oh? Hello, {{userName}}-san.
Yukina: I'm on my way home from practice at the agency. I am confident I have made up for the few days I did not practice.
Yukina: I see. So you heard from Lisa. I took a step away from singing during our school excursion, but...
Yukina: A break like that isn't bad every so often.
Yukina: And I believe it served as a good memory for Lisa as well.
Yukina: ... In the beginning, I was somewhat concerned by her demeanor.
Yukina: I'm sure that as each day passes, she becomes more conscious of our graduation.
Yukina: In particular, that trip was the last big event of high school. She should have been well aware of that.
Yukina: That is why I did not know if she would truly be able to enjoy the school excursion.
Yukina: When we arrived at the airport, she seemed quieter than usual.
Yukina: However, with just a small opportunity, she was able to move past her problem.
Yukina: Lisa's genuine smile, the one I know well, had returned. That is what it felt like.
Yukina: Yamato-san was there, and she was also surrounded by the strong-mannered Seta-san and Hina. So it seems she had no time to be absentminded.
Yukina: In fact, towards the end, she was frolicking more than usual.
Yukina: I do not quite understand why, but I'm certain that is a good thing.
Yukina: But this does not mean that Lisa's sentiments on graduation have disappeared... At least, that's what I think.
Yukina: It is not as if I do not know how special her current place is to her.
Yukina: So until that moment comes, I will take some time to think about what I can do for her.
Yukina: ... I should be going. Thank you for listening, {{userName}}-san.
