1632_Yukina Minato_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: A birthday is no excuse for neglecting practice.

<Music That Will Become Chosen>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Ako: Happy birthday~, Yukina-san!
Lisa: On the one hand, practicing at a studio on your birthday is so you, Yukina, but on the other hand, this is your birthday we're talking about...
Yukina: Of course. A birthday is no excuse for neglecting practice.
Lisa: I know, but~...!
Sayo: Now, now. At least we have plans to celebrate properly at a later date.
Rinko: Yes... I'm looking forward to it... very much...
Rinko: By the way, um... Yukina-san... What have you been listening to...?
Yukina: It's just a playlist that I created. I felt like relaxing a little before we practice.
Sayo: Oh, you did mention before that you've been using a streaming site to listen to music that interests you.
Lisa: Huh, this is my first time hearing that. Could you share that playlist with me~?
Yukina: I don't mind, but... the one I'm listening to today is just something I created to help me relax.
Lisa: That's totally fine! Interesting. Public playlist, theme is relaxation...
Lisa: Whoa! Just look at how many people have favorited the playlist!
Ako: You're right! It even shows up on the front page as a recommended playlist!
Rinko: Some of the other playlists... are also being recommended...
Sayo: Rock, Dance, Ballads, even Walks...
Yukina: ... I have no idea what all of you are making a fuss about. What's the big deal?
Lisa: This bit here! The numbers! It means there are this many people who think this playlist fits the theme!
Yukina: I had no idea there was a function like that, but these are simply songs that I selected.
Yukina: Shouldn't we be saving the excitement for when our songs appear there someday?
Sayo: True... It's as you say.
Rinko: And for that, we need to practice...
Ako: You're always so disciplined and cool, Yukina-san...!
Lisa: You're right. Let's start practicing then, shall we?
All: Yes. Yeah~! Yes...


<YKN>

(Character: Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Maya: Good morning, Minato-san. Also... I know it's a little late, but happy birthday.
Yukina: Thank you. You're usually early. It's rare to see you at this hour.
Maya: Ahaha, I overslept a bit...
Yukina: Were you busy working on something until late at night?
Maya: Not exactly. Digging around this music streaming website for nice playlists has recently become a part of my daily routine.
Maya: And yesterday, I happened to come across some really great playlists that I ended up listening to... and before I knew it, it was morning...
Yukina: I see. It's hard to say if I should be congratulating you or offering my sympathy.
Maya: Ahaha, I'll try not to let it happen again.
Maya: But the playlists really were incredible!
Maya: They were all organized by specific situations and themes, and the song choices for each theme just matched perfectly~!
Yukina: Whoever made the playlists just selected songs. Does that really amount to much?
Maya: While you do have a point, it's actually a lot harder than it seems!
Maya: It's not just about situations. Accounting for the changes in what a listener will be feeling when a song is playing and selecting a song that will be a good fit isn't easy.
Maya: Although the same thing is required to create a set list for a concert, being able to pull that off with someone else's songs requires a great deal of passion for music!
Yukina: I see... I've never thought of it that way.
Yukina: ... I'm a little curious now. Do you think you could share those playlists with me?
Maya: Sure!
Maya: There are several that I could recommend, but these are the ones I was listening to last night! They're by someone who goes by YKN!
Yukina: ...!
Maya: Their playlists are really something!
Maya: Each theme includes music from all kinds of genres... but they're never shoved down your throat.
Maya: Also, their song choices never deviate from a given list's theme! For example, take a look at this one. Isn't it just amazing?!
Maya: Since the theme is relaxation, you would likely select ballads and slow songs, right? However, YKN includes upbeat songs at the right places, and...
Yukina: I-I see...
Maya: Oh! I'm sorry. I got carried away...
Yukina: It's alright.
Yukina: ... Thank you for the playlist recommendations. I'll try listening to them sometime.
Maya: Please do!
Maya: By the way, is it just me, or are you a little flushed?
Yukina: ... It must be your imagination.
Yukina: (I had no idea it could be this embarrassing to have someone speak at me directly with so much passion...)
