1642_Yukina Minato_R3 Poignant "Today"

<Lessons Learned>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[Inside the Station]

Yukina: ...
Lisa: Yukina~! What're you up to?
Yukina: ... Nothing in particular. Anyway, Lisa, do you need something?
Lisa: Oh, right.
Lisa: Harumi-san suggested grabbing souvenirs since we have a bit of time before our bullet train leaves.
Yukina: Souvenirs...? It's not like we came all the way out here to enjoy ourselves. That seems rather unnecessary.
Lisa: But there are people who have been so supportive or wished us luck with our shows. I think it's pretty important to give them a little something as thanks.
Lisa: Without their help, we wouldn't have been able to get our very own nationwide tour and come here.
Yukina: You do have a point, but...
Lisa: Right? So, don't you think it's important to get everyone something?
Yukina: ... I suppose.
Yukina: There are so many possible choices though. I can't decide.
Lisa: Then let's choose together!
Lisa: Look over here! These pork buns look really good!
Yukina: So do these takoyaki-flavored snacks.
Lisa: Wow, they do! There's something about flavors you can only get in a certain area that's so exciting, you know~?
Lisa: Ah, look over there! They've got lots of cute little odds-and-ends!
Yukina: These bowls and plates... are all quite beautiful.
Lisa: Yeah~. Ah, this container might be perfect for putting cookies inside! Oh, but I also like this chic little plate~.
Lisa: Anything catch your eye?
Yukina: ... This...
Lisa: A drinking glass? The blue-purple gradient is really pretty.
Yukina: Yes. When you hold it up to the light, the reflections let you see all sorts of colors as well...
Lisa: Who are you getting it for?
Yukina: ... My father.
Lisa: I see... Fufu, I'm sure he'll like it.
Lisa: Ah, look at these phone straps! A cat on an okonomiyaki~.
Yukina: ...! Cat...
Lisa: The okonomiyaki we had at that place sure was good~.
Yukina: Yes. Unlike the ones back home... they had a very complex flavor.
Lisa: Oh, I know! Why don't we get these as souvenirs for ourselves? The whole band can have matching ones.
Yukina: That sounds like a good idea.
Lisa: Alright, the blue cat can be for Sayo, and the one biting into the okonomiyaki can be for Ako, and the sleeping one can be for Rinko...
Yukina: The red tabby might be good for Harumi-san.
Lisa: I like it~. It's perfect for her!
Lisa: You know, picking out these souvenirs really makes it feel like we're in Osaka, huh?
Yukina: It does. Especially since we were thinking about our concerts the whole time...
Lisa: Well, a lot did happen over these two days.
Yukina: Yes. Considering how fruitful our time here has been, it's hard to believe it's only been two days.
Lisa: Yeah. The time we've spent here has been invaluable for us as a band for sure.
Yukina: Without a doubt. The things I felt on stage... The regret I felt after the concert...
Yukina: I doubt I'll ever forget. I mustn't forget.
Yukina: Even a little phone strap like this... will help serve as a valuable reminder of that concert...
Lisa: ... Yeah.
Ako: Lisa-nee~, Yukina-san~! Let's go~!
Lisa: Alright~, coming!
Lisa: Let's buy the souvenirs and go back to where everyone is.
Yukina: Yes, let's do that.


<Only Once>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Ah, Yukina-chan! Heya!
Yukina: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. hello.
Marina: On your way somewhere?
Yukina: Yes, the agency. I have a meeting to discuss our next concert and the lessons we learned from our Osaka concerts.
Marina: Huh, well, sounds like you'll be busy. So, what's your personal take on your latest concerts?
Yukina: Quite frankly... our first day in Osaka wouldn't even deserve a passing grade.
Marina: Oh... I see... What makes you say that though...?
Yukina: ... The first day of our tour went extremely well. The fire we imparted was nothing short of amazing.
Yukina: However... that was also why we subconsciously tried to reproduce that fire during our first day in Osaka.
Marina: Reproduce...?
Yukina: Yes... Despite claiming our aim was to do better than we did on the first day of our tour, we ended up trying to replicate it instead.
Yukina: We failed to focus on the concert in the here and now.
Yukina: Although concerts are something we do regularly, the audience only had that one chance to experience that concert.
Yukina: We had forgotten something so obvious...
Marina: Yeah... Whether it's a good show or a bad show, you can never have the same one twice...
Yukina: Yes... And that's also why failure is never an option.
Yukina: That concert in Osaka was a bitter experience. However, now that we've faced and come to terms with it, I believe we will be able to grow even further.
Marina: Mm-hmm, I'm sure everything you went through won't be a waste for Roselia.
Yukina: Yes. I'll never forget what happened, and I'll keep the regrets of that day in my heart as I continue to move forward.
Yukina: We'll keep performing many concerts so that we can bring more fire to our audiences.
Yukina: That said, we also intend to give more attention to each concert that's a part of this tour.
Marina: Great. Looks like I have a lot to look forward to from you girls. I'll be rooting for all of you from CiRCLE.
Yukina: We'll make sure we don't disappoint you. If you'll excuse me now then.
