1689_Yukina Minato_R4 The Flower’s Name

Gacha phrase: Tell me. What do you think of my song... of Roselia's music?

<I Love Music>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Rei Wakana, Chiyu Tamade)

[Dressing Room]

Yukina: ...
Lisa: Sigh~... Now our concert tour is all over...
Sayo: Imai-san, that is all you have been saying for the past few minutes.
Lisa: Well~... That's because no other words are really coming to me...
Ako: I'm super tired~... I might not be able to get off of this sofa...
Rinko: Me neither... But... we were able to finish it...
Ako: Yeah! We did! Plus...
Yukina: ... I enjoyed it.
Sayo: Yes... I did as well.
Yukina: It truly was... a concert that I enjoyed from the bottom of my heart.
Harumi: Great job, everyone. Your friends are here. Would it be okay to let them come in?
Yukina: I'm sure it is everyone from Girls Band Party. Harumi-san, please let them in.
Harumi: Very well...
Kasumi: Hello, everyone!! Um, your concert today was really amazing! I was super moved. Ah, but it wasn't the normal kind of being moved...!
Arisa: Hey, Kasumi! Settle down! Not everyone has finished saying hello to them!
Kasumi: Ah, that's right! I'm sorry, everyone~...!
LAYER (Rei): Good evening. It's just as Kasumi-chan said. Today's concert was incredible.
Lisa: Ahaha. Thanks, Kasumi, LAYER♪
Yukina: And thank the rest of you for coming to see us today.
Ran: ...
Yukina: ... Mitake-san?
Ran: ... Ah, sorry. This whole time, I've been thinking about how to describe my thoughts on your concert today...
Ran: But... yeah. I think there's only one way to describe it.
Ran: It was a great concert... Really great.
Yukina: Thank you... I'm glad I was able to show you who Roselia is now.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hi, Yukina Minato. I saw your concert today.
Yukina: CHU², so you came.
CHU² (Chiyu): E-excuse me?! What is that supposed to mean?! You all invited me!
Lisa: Yukina~. At times like this, you're supposed to thank her for coming~.
Yukina: ...? Did I not sound grateful?
CHU² (Chiyu): W-well, no matter. Ahem... Roselia's concert today wasn't half bad!
Yukina: I see. I'm glad you enjoyed it.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...?! Sheesh, what is with you?!
CHU² (Chiyu): I was lying when I said it wasn't half bad. It was a remarkable concert. I was honestly overwhelmed by both Roselia's and the audience's intensity.
CHU² (Chiyu): It was reckless, wild, and not like you at all. And yet, it was the perfect concert without a single flaw...
CHU² (Chiyu): But! For my part, I-
Kasumi: Ah~! That's right. Yukina-senpai, about that song you did for the encore!
CHU² (Chiyu): Shut up! Don't butt in! Can't you see I'm still in the middle of talking to her?!
Kasumi: Agh! I'm sorry~! I just had to ask her about it when I remembered...!
Ako: Ahaha! That's just like you!
Saya: Kasumi, why don't you ask her to spend more time talking about the song next time? They all must be tired from the concert, so let's get going.
Ran: Right. Let's stop here for today.
Kasumi: Oh yeah~... Then please tell me about your encore song next time!
Yukina: Of course. You can come to me anytime.
Kasumi: Well then, please excus- Whoa!
Yukina's Dad: Whoops... Are you a friend of Yukina? Sorry to have startled you.
Yukina: Father...?!
Yukina's Dad: Yukina. I know you must be tired since the concert just ended, but could I talk to you for a bit in private?
Yukina: A-alright. I'm sorry, everyone. I will be going out for a bit.
Lisa: Okay, see you when you get back! You don't have to worry about us, so take your time.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Concert Hall Entrance]

Yukina's Dad: Sorry to have called you out so suddenly.
Yukina: I do not mind, but... what's the matter?
Yukina's Dad: I just had to tell you what I thought of today's concert. I was thinking about waiting until you got home, but...
Yukina's Dad: ... It was a fantastic concert.
Yukina: ... Thank you. I thought so as well.
Yukina's Dad: To be honest, I was a little surprised. To think I would be this moved by my own daughter.
Yukina: Father...
Yukina's Dad: That sound was born precisely because you earnestly faced the music and your audience during your tour. That was your...
Yukina's Dad: ... No, it was the band Roselia's music.
Yukina's Dad: Speaking as an audience member, as your father... and as a fellow musician, your concert today was truly unforgettable. Yukina...
Yukina's Dad: ... Thank you.
Yukina: Huh...?
Yukina's Dad: I was so happy... that I could feel your love of music so strongly.
Yukina: ...
Yukina: ... No. I should be the one thanking you.
Yukina: Thank you, Father.
Yukina: For teaching me about these feelings... and music.


<The Path Persevered>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Hello, Yukina-chan.
Yukina: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good day.
Marina: Congratulations on finishing your concert tour. We couldn't drop by your dressing room to say hello, but we saw your concert on the final day.
Marina: It really was an amazing concert... I was so moved I nearly cried.
Yukina: Thank you. We believe we succeeded in putting on a concert on the last day that we could be satisfied with.
Marina: I see. By the way, your concert that day... was a bit different than the usual Roselia concert, wasn't it?
Yukina: Yes. I'm glad that you were also able to tell.
Yukina: Through the course of the entire tour, we came to rethink how we should deal with concerts.
Yukina: And the new challenge we took on because of that was that concert.
Marina: Mhm. You could feel everything you all had accumulated during the tour... That's the kind of performance it felt like.
Marina: I was listening to it thinking that you must've gone through a lot during it.
Yukina: Yes... It was a tour where I suffered setbacks, worried, and hesitated... Yet I continued to make every effort I could.
Yukina: But Lisa, Sayo, Ako, and Rinko were with me... It is because we are Roselia that we were able to keep going all this time.
Marina: That's the wonderful thing about bands, isn't it? The things you can't do alone can be accomplished with your friends.
Yukina: Yes... Fufu.
Marina: Yukina-chan? What's the matter?
Yukina: I'm sorry. I merely thought about how my past self would never have said something like this before I formed Roselia.
Marina: Yeah... You might not have.
Yukina: The sight I can see from the stage has changed quite a bit.
Yukina: When I first stood on CiRCLE's stage, I only thought about how to make my song resonate throughout the venue.
Yukina: But that was not so on the last day of our concert tour the other day...
Marina: Yeah. How do I put this...? The concert was one where you seemed to resonate with each other. {{userName}}-san and I discussed it after the concert.
Marina: It almost looked like your... no, Roselia's feelings of loving music spread throughout the venue.
Marina: And the audience seemed to respond the same way with their calls and light sticks... It really was a lovely concert.
Yukina: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... Thank you.
Yukina: If you'd like, please come to another of Roselia's concerts. I want the two of you to continue to watch Roselia's evolution.
Marina: Of course! We're really looking forward to Roselia's future activities, after all!
Yukina: Alright. Expect good things.
