1701_Yukina Minato_R4 Graduation

<Messages from Underclassmen>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

Kasumi: Yukina-senpai, congrats on graduating!
Kasumi: All those times we performed together on different stages sure let me see so many sparkling sights~.
Kasumi: Even once you're in college, let's keep doing lots of sparkling, heart-pounding things together!
Arisa: Yukina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Arisa: At first, I thought you were kind of an unapproachable stern upperclassman...
Arisa: But after we did shrine work together as shrine maidens, I realized you're actually attentive and caring. I'll be wishing you the best with college!
Rimi: Yukina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Rimi: I still remember getting goosebumps when I heard you sing during our first "HOPE" session.
Rimi: I'm going to become a lot better at the bass, so please do another session with me again.
Tae: Yukina-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Tae: Do you remember how I dragged you to the studio during the first Girls Band Party?
Tae: I'm glad I grabbed your hand back then. Me getting to congratulate you like this can't be a coincidence, don't you think?
Saya: Yukina-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Saya: I'm still really grateful you stuck around the whole time while I was trying to find a hobby.
Saya: I also have a lot more pictures from the last day of Roselia's tour, so I'll send them through chat!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Yukina! Congrats on graduating!
Kokoro: Both your cool face and thinking face are nice, but I think your smiley face looks the best for you!
Kokoro: Let's all keep smiling together a whole lot in all sorts of places!
Hagumi: Minato-san! Congrats on graduating!
Hagumi: I remember that time we went to view the fall leaves so clearly! We went kayaking and even played with reed-pipes!
Hagumi: When fall comes, let's all go and write postcards again!
Misaki: Minato-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Misaki: Performing with you let me see that you take good care of people around you. You're, well, really nice to your underclassmen, especially.
Misaki: Balancing college life and being a professional musician might be hard, but good luck. I wish you the best.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Yukina-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Eve: I sense great bushido from the serious dedication you always have toward music!
Eve: Someday, I would like for us to face each other on stage so that our bushido spirits may clash!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
LOCK (Rokka): Yukina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
LOCK (Rokka): That moment during your concerts when you start singing and the venue's atmosphere changes always gives me goosebumps!
LOCK (Rokka): The time might come when our bands perform together, and... I hope we can both do our best!
LOCK (Rokka): Alright, Ako-chan... You're next. Are you ready?
Ako: ... Yukina-san... umm... c-congrats on... Sob...
LOCK (Rokka): You gotta say it proper like, Ako-chan. You said you wanted to give her a cool sendoff, right?
Mashiro: You can do it, Ako-chan...!
Ako: Okay... I-I'll say it...!
Ako: Yukina-san, congrats on your graduation.
Ako: Even though I'll be the only one in Roselia who'll still be in high school... I promise not to feel lonely anymore!
Ako: I'm gonna become a super cool drummer and keep supporting the band, so I hope you'll have high expectations for the second-year me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): Like, seriously, what's the point of going to the trouble of recording video messages?!
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, everyone else has already been recording messages. You should offer words to celebrate the start of her new journey...
MASKING (Masuki): C'mon, just say it already. You know wanna congratulate her.
CHU² (Chiyu): Argh~! Fine, I'll say it! Happy?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Ahem... Yukina Minato... I may not like you, but I'll say this much at least.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Congrats... on graduating.
PAREO (Reona): Squeal~! Well done, CHU²-sama~♪ I shall bring you the extra-special jerky I made right away!
MASKING (Masuki): See, you were able to say it. Lemme bake ya a cake for a job well done. You want cheesecake? Or maybe chocolate instead?
CHU² (Chiyu): Gah~, shut up, already! Stop treating me like a child!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu... Minato-san, congratulations on your graduation.
LAYER (Rei): There are so many things I can feel from your singing. Your determination, your love of music...
LAYER (Rei): As fellow singers, let's keep driving each other to do better.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Yukina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation~.
Nanami: A new cat café opened by the school, so if you'd like, let's go together sometime~.
Nanami: I want to see you showering cats with love~.
Toko: Yukina-san, congratulations on graduating!
Toko: I happened to see you at the CiRCLE Café and noticed you dumped a lot of sugar in your coffee!
Toko: I know tons of awesome dessert places. We should go sometime~!
Tsukushi: Yukina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Tsukushi: It's really amazing how you're always so calm and cool whether you're on or offstage!
Tsukushi: If you happen to have any pointers for how to be that way, I could really use the advice!
Mashiro: Yukina-san. Congratulations on your graduation.
Mashiro: Thank you so much for sharing so many stories about being a singer during that party after the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY!
Mashiro: I can't become like you... but I want to work hard in my own way to make my singing reach people.
Rui: Minato-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Rui: I think I understand what you meant by what you said while flower-viewing a year ago. My band has taught me much too.
Rui: I hope our bands can maintain positive relations.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Minato-san~, congrats on graduating.
Moca: Do you remember the cute kitties at the park from around Valentine's Day? The last time I went, they were sleeping under the bench~.
Moca: Oh, by the way, a new pet shop opened by the station. Maybe we can go grab some kitty treats for them~.
Tsugumi: Yukina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsugumi: When we were doing a session, and you suggested that I try to be more assertive instead of supporting everyone, it made a lasting impression on me that still remains.
Tsugumi: Ever since then, I've been looking for new ways of making and balancing sound... It's helped me become far more expressive. Thank you for opening my eyes!
Tomoe: Minato-san, congratulations on graduating!
Tomoe: I know I've always been kinda rude whenever our bands have met...
Tomoe: But I don't think that's ever going to change, so you're welcome to try to put me in my place if you feel like it!
Himari: Yukina-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Himari: Thanks for agreeing to do that joint show with us the other day! It helped us become a better band!
Himari: We're going to keep being cool and working hard so that we don't get left behind by you, so I hope you keep being cool and working hard too!
Ran: Minato-san, uh... congratulations on graduating.
Ran: I'll never forget the words you said to me during that joint show.
Ran: Just so you know, we'll keep coming to bite you with everything we've got.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<The Memories That Fill My Heart>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Station Entrance]

Yukina: ... Hello, {{userName}}-san. Yes, I have a meeting at the agency.
Yukina: I see, so it's your day off today.
Yukina: By the way, I saw your message on the board for the graduation ceremony. Thank you.
Yukina: How the ceremony was...?
Yukina: Hmm, Lisa cried a lot. She ran out of her own tissues, so I gave her mine.
Yukina: ... Yes, I didn't become as sentimental as her.
Yukina: That said... the moment I went out the front gate after the ceremony... so many memories came to me.
Yukina: They were memories of each of my days in high school... Looking back, a lot certainly happened.
Yukina: There were the days I spent trying to make up for what happened to my father all on my own, labeling and discarding everything except for music as unnecessary...
Yukina: The day I found a place to belong when Roselia came to be, and we swore we would only play our own music.
Yukina: The day I was able to say I love singing.
Yukina: The day we started going down the new path that was the world of professional music.
Yukina: No matter what the day... music always echoed.
Yukina: And that will likely never change.
Yukina: Together with the sound that echoes within me and the sounds around me, I will simply continue marching forward.
Yukina: Of course, my memories weren't all about music. Many of them were about my experiences at Haneoka.
Yukina: ... Now that I have graduated from there... I would be lying... if I said I felt absolutely no sadness over the idea of being unable to go there as a student...
Yukina: The sakura at school that I saw from my classroom, the cool and quiet of the library in summer, the smell of sweet olives on the way home as the sun sets...
Yukina: I was fairly fond of such things...
Yukina: This warm and gentle loneliness that fills my heart... is most likely very dear to me...
Yukina: I intend to remember it forever.
Yukina: This feeling must be a sign of just how fulfilled I was during my time in high school.
Yukina: I consider myself fortunate to have spent my last three years at Haneoka. I can now say I genuinely feel that way.
Yukina: Roselia will continue to evolve.
Yukina: I feel I can express more things through song now because I've undergone this milestone that is graduating...
Yukina: You can continue to expect a lot from Roselia.
Yukina: ... Also, {{userName}}-san.
Yukina: During my time in high school, you've listened to me and given me so much support.
Yukina: I would like to take this time to not only thank you again but to ask for your continued support.
Yukina: Anyhow, I should go now. See you again at CiRCLE.
