1730_Yukina Minato_R5 Faced with a Choice

Gacha phrase: This, though, is unbearable... Compared to those days, trying to write this song now is beyond...

<The Many Crossroads Ahead>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency - Studio]

Yukina: ...
Rinko: Yukina-san?
Yukina: ... Oh, Rinko.
Yukina: I'm sorry. I didn't realize.
Rinko: You appeared lost in thought. Is everything okay...?
Yukina: ... I was just thinking a bit about our collab the other day.
Yukina: Specifically, what I would have done... had my words failed to reach the people of Erde Trischt...
Rinko: ...
Yukina: It goes without saying that choosing the path we believe in and following it is necessary for Roselia to be Roselia.
Yukina: However... I can't help but wonder that there may eventually be something that cannot be accomplished without choosing the wrong path.
Rinko: Well...
Yukina: ... I'm sorry. I shouldn't have brought this up.
Rinko: No, actually, I understand how you feel... The same thought has crossed my mind...
Yukina: ... Regardless of these feelings, though, I suppose we can't let them stop us from moving forward.
Rinko: That's how... I feel too...
Yukina: ...
Yukina: Sigh, I doubt I'll find an answer to this dilemma anytime soon.
Yukina: In any case, at least the collab has given us a chance to reflect on our future.
Rinko: Yes... It was a difficult job, but in the end, we made something we could be proud of...
Yukina: True... Your words are what made that possible, though, Rinko.
Rinko: I'm sorry...?
Yukina: If you hadn't said what you did back then, I doubt I would've been able to choose what I believed to be the right path.
Rinko: No... I'm sure you would have... even without what I said...
Yukina: Perhaps, but I'm still grateful that you were there. Because of your words, I was able to follow my heart.
Yukina: Had I failed to do so at the time, I feel Roselia's soul would have been lost.
Yukina: ... Of course, I should be thanking Lisa and everyone else as well.
Yukina: Without each one of you, that song could not have been written.
Yukina: ... I'm very glad I have all of you.
Rinko: Yukina-san...
Yukina: Fufu. It was like a repeat of what happened when Harumi-san approached us about joining the agency.
Yukina: Singing "LOUDER" at the event would have gotten us signed.
Yukina: However... I chose the path of not doing so.
Yukina: Even back then, all of you prioritized my feelings. You freed me... from my suffering.
Yukina: And for that, I'm truly grateful.
Rinko: N-no... If anything, I'm the one who should be grateful.
Rinko: I'm not very good with people, and I can cause a lot of trouble...
Rinko: But because of you... and everyone else in the band, I can always do my best no matter what...
Yukina: That's how it is for me as well.
Yukina: ... Fufu.
Rinko: ... What is it?
Yukina: Oh... After listening to what you just said, I think I'm starting to see part of the solution to the dilemma I talked about earlier.
Yukina: Even if the time comes when I have to choose the wrong path...
Yukina: ... I'll have all of you, and so long as you're all with me, I'm sure I'll be able to make the best choice.
Yukina: The unknown that lies ahead along the path of blue roses will likely be difficult to reach... but I hope you'll continue to walk along this path with me.
Rinko: ... Yes, I will!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<What Makes Us Who We Are>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew, now that there's a pause in the stream of customers, this is our chance to take a break. Hmm, what drink to grab~.
Yukina: ...
Marina: Oh, Yukina-chan. Hey.
Yukina: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Alone today, huh? What are you up to?
Yukina: I'm listening again to some songs we made in the past.
Marina: Oh, okay. Can I ask why?
Yukina: It's because of a collab we did with a certain fashion brand.
Yukina: Our job was to write a new song that would be played at one of the brand's pop-up stores.
Marina: Nice! A collab song seems like a lot more work than a regular one, though, especially since there are other considerations, like what your partner wants.
Yukina: Yes, that did make it quite challenging... but the hardest part was being asked to imitate our old style.
Marina: I see... So they pretty much asked you to write the way you used to, right? I can see that being doable, but...
Yukina: It definitely was doable. However, I couldn't regard what I had created as our own.
Marina: I can only imagine how that must've been, but I think I understand. Your song probably ended up only bearing an outward resemblance.
Marina: So, what did you end up doing?
Yukina: We rewrote it... into something we could be proud of. Fortunately, after expressing how we felt, our partner accepted the song.
Marina: I guess everything worked out then?
Yukina: Yes, I think so. In the end, they even took quite a liking to it.
Yukina: That said, luck only happened to be on our side this time. If we're placed in a similar situation again, there's no guarantee the result will be the same.
Marina: True. When it comes to work, you can't just try to satisfy your own wants and needs.
Yukina: Yes. That's why I've been going over our past songs again.
Yukina: I must never make a soulless copy, but knowing how our sound has changed over time...
Yukina: That is something I feel I need to understand properly if I hope to continue as a professional musician.
Marina: Yeah, I think that's important too.
Yukina: Thank you. Of course, I have no way of knowing if this is the right way. However...
Yukina: I intend to do everything I can to ensure that we stay true to what Roselia is.
Yukina: Since both of you have watched over us for a long time, though, I may need to seek your advice someday.
Marina: You're welcome anytime! Right, {{userName}}-san?
Yukina: Thank you. I hope I can continue to rely on you both.
