1876_Yukina Minato_R4 Thoughts I Suppressed

Gacha phrase: The answer I should give is --

<Memories of the Past>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: (I wonder when this picture was taken... I don't think it's from when I was a student, but ......)
Lisa: Yukina, may I come in~?
Yukina: ... Lisa? Yes, come on in.
Lisa: Yoo-hoo☆ I called out to you from below but there was no response, so I asked your mother for permission and came up.
Lisa: ... I'm sorry, were you in the middle of something? Do you want to do the assignment a little later?
Yukina: No, I'm okay. I was just... looking through some old albums.
Lisa: Albums...?
Lisa: These are pictures of Yukina's father...
Yukina: Yeah, they're from when my dad was in the band.
Lisa: ... Hey, can I look at them with you?
Yukina: Sure.
Lisa: Thanks... But why look through them now?
Yukina: ... We had that issue with Iikura-san, right?
Yukina: I was curious about how he and my dad used to play together in the band.
Lisa: I see…
Lisa: Ah ... Is this a picture from a live show? Yukina's father is so cool.
Lisa: I guess the way he sings looks a little like Yukina.
Yukina: Do you think so?
Lisa: Yeah, kind of, the atmosphere, his expression... fufu.
Yukina: You look kind of happy, Lisa.
Lisa: Just thinking the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Lisa: Look, you can really see the resemblance in this picture.
Yukina: I don't really see it myself, but if Lisa says so, then it must be true.
Yukina: ... There seem to be a lot of pictures of live shows around here.
Lisa: I wonder when these live shows were. I feel like I've seen the stage outfits before...
Lisa: Next page ~ ... Ah ...!
Yukina: Is this... a picture of all the members...?
Lisa: Since they're not in their stage outfits, this must have been their time off together... This person is probably Iikura-san.
Lisa: ... Everyone looks so happy. Of course they are. They were in a band together.
Yukina: Yeah... My dad is smiling so innocently too.
Lisa: They were such good friends…
Yukina: And yet, with just one misplaced button, they fall apart... it's strange, isn't it?
Lisa: ... I wonder if they can ever make up?
Lisa: It might be hard to get the band together again, but maybe they can at least meet up and talk...
Yukina: Well, I don't know...
Yukina: I think my dad and the other members must have worried and suffered many things, and each chose their own path with a certain amount of determination.
Yukina: I wonder what they are going through in their daily life now... I don't think it's as simple as we can imagine.
Lisa: ... Yeah, I agree.
Lisa: Hey, Yukina. We can be together forever, as Roselia, right?
Yukina: Yes, we will. I'll protect Roselia no matter what.
Yukina: And even if we cross the wrong button somewhere, even if I take a wrong turn...
Yukina: As long as Ako, Rinko, Sayo, and Lisa are with me, we'll be fine... That's how I feel.
Lisa: Yeah...
Lisa: Ah, but Yukina, from now on, when making any decision, you're not allowed to force yourself!
Yukina: …
Lisa: Hey, at least say something back~…
Lisa: Oh well. If something like that happens again, I'll definitely stop you.
Yukina: Fufu. I'm counting on you, Lisa.
Yukina: Up until now, and from now on too.


<Joy and Pain>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Lunch break is almost over, let's head back to CiRCLE ... Ah, there's Yukina-chan.
Yukina: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... Hello.
Marina: Hello, Yukina-chan. Are you on your way back from college?
Yukina: Yes. I'm on my way to the agency now.
Marina: I see. You seem to be even busier since you became a professional.
Yukina: Yeah... but we've just concluded a big matter so it's not so much as before.
Marina: What was this big matter?
Yukina: The person in charge of Roselia at the label company has changed.
Marina: I heard a little bit from Ako-chan. Seems like it's going to be tough, with all the changes in the way things are done. I guess it depends on whether you get along with the person or not…
Yukina: ... I think this time it might have been a problem before “whether we get along with the person or not".
Yukina: The new person in charge was my father's former band member.
Marina: What? Is that so...? What a coincidence!
Yukina: I was also very surprised that this could happen.
Yukina: He was the one who had a falling out with my father...
Marina: I see... It's complicated working with someone like that.
Yukina: Yes, it is. I wouldn't have thought that in the past.
Yukina: But now I thought I should accept him, and I believe that's the way Roselia should go.
Marina: Are you okay...? Yukina-chan, aren't you pushing yourself too hard?
Yukina: Don't worry. I'm feeling really positive right now.
Yukina: That's all thanks to Ako and Sayo.
Marina: Ako-chan and Sayo-chan?
Yukina: There was a time when the two of them vented their feelings to the new person in charge on my behalf.
Yukina: I thought I was prepared to get hurt, yet I was so happy about that.
Yukina: Once again, I felt that the members of Roselia are those who can share both joy and pain.
Marina: It's wonderful, isn't it? I think it's really hard to meet friends who can share the pain with each other.
Yukina: I agree. I'd like to continue to treasure Roselia and walk this path together with them.
Yukina: With this group, no matter what happens in the future, we can overcome it... That's what I feel.
Marina: Yeah. I'm always rooting for you, too.
Yukina: Fufu, thanks, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Thank you, too. I think it's hard with the change in environment, but do your best!
