1929_Yukina Minato_R5 Campus Cat

Gacha phrase: All right, who's a good girl...

<Campus Life Pt. 1>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Yotsuba Women's University]

Yukina: ......
Yukina: Kitty, where are you...?
Lisa: Heya, Yukina! Whatcha up to?
Yukina: Lisa... I'm, uhm... Just looking for something.
Lisa: Looking for something? What are you looking for?
Yukina: Well... It's... A cat.
Lisa: A cat?
Yukina: There's a black cat in the courtyard sometimes. I was looking to see if she was here today too.
Lisa: Oh, I see. I guess she's not here right now, huh?
Yukina: Well, I'll give up for today...  Lisa, you've just finished your classes?
Lisa: No, I still have another class after this, but I've some free time between classes. Why, did you have plans afterwards?
Yukina: I'm going home to compose.
Lisa: I see. I was wondering if you'd like to have tea with me...
Yukina: ... I guess so. I'm hitting a wall with the composing, so a change of pace might be perfect.
Lisa: Awesome~☆ C'mon then, let's go!
Lisa: Recently, this nearby cafe is having a winter fair...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Café]

Staff: Thank you for waiting. Here are your two hot cocoas and our complimentary cat cookies.
Yukina: ......! It's so cute... It's too good to eat.
Lisa: Hehe, its squished look makes it look all the more cuter~
Lisa: Mmm... Man, there's nothing like a warm cup of cocoa in the winter~
Yukina: Absolutely. It's been getting colder lately, hasn't it?
Lisa: Right~. It's getting harder to wake up in the morning... It's so cold that you don't want to get out of bed.
Yukina: But Lisa, you're still attending classes on time, aren't you?
Lisa: Well, yeah. Compared to when I first entered university, classes are so much more interesting now with how in-depth they've gotten.
Lisa: That's why I always look forward to going to class.
Yukina: Fufu... That's good to hear.
Lisa: So, how have you been lately?
Yukina: I... don't think there's anything much of note lately.
Lisa: Haha... It's just like you to say that. Are you paying attention properly in class?
Yukina: I'm doing fine in class... Probably.
Lisa: What do you mean, probably? Slacking off is a no-no~
Yukina: I know that much. I don't get lost on campus anymore.
Lisa: Ah, as I recall, I did get lost quite often at the start as well. Even ended up late for class a couple of times because of it.
Yukina: … That happened to me as well.
Yukina: Speaking of which, Lisa... I often see you walking around with new faces on campus these days. Seems like you've made a lot of acquaintances.
Lisa: Oh yeah! Lately, I've been making friends with more and more people in my classes~
Lisa: I've also gotten to know some people in other majors, so if you run into any problems just let me know!
Yukina: Fufu, as expected of you, Lisa. Thanks. I'll let you know if I need anything.
Lisa: Anytime~♪
Lisa: But yanno... Somehow, we've gotten used to university life~ Even though we were so confused all the time at the start, nervous about everything...
Yukina: I suppose so. And before I knew it, it was already winter.
Lisa: It's like... Just like when we all drove to the beach together, things have really changed from when we were in high school.
Lisa: It's like our horizons are way broader... or something like that.
Yukina: I do have more free time to do things on my own now. I also have more time to compose.
Lisa: Yukina, are you secretly composing during class?
Yukina: That... depends on the time and situation.
Lisa: Jeez, Yukina... How are you doing with exams and assignments?
Lisa: ... Wait, isn't the deadline of your assignment tomorrow? Are you working on it properly?
Yukina: ... I'm doing fine. That said, why are you remembering the deadline of my assignments?
Lisa: Because I can't possibly leave you alone. Like during our info session, you were sleeping until I called you.
Yukina: Please... Must we talk about that now?
Yukina: Anyway... Don't you have class, Lisa?
Lisa: Oh no! Class is about to start!
Lisa: It's been a while since we had time to talk, we got a little carried away, didn't we?
Yukina: Yeah, that's true. Lisa, Rinko, Sayo... They all seem to be busy with exams these days.
Lisa: Yukina, you have exams just like us all...
Yukina: I'm fine. I see you're still a worrywart same as ever.
Lisa: Haha, sorry, sorry. Well, I'll see you tomorrow, Yukina!
Yukina: Yes. See you tomorrow.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Campus Life Pt. 2>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Residential Area]

Yukina: ... Another cold day.
Lisa: Yukina~! Let's head to class together!
Yukina: Lisa!... Fufu, you don't have to wave so much, I can see you.
Lisa: Haha, sorry, sorry. Seeing you early in the morning gets me all happy.
Yukina: ......? You see me all the time, don't you?
Lisa: I mean, I suppose~
Lisa: Anyway, Yukina, did you finish today's assignment?
Yukina: Lisa, you worry too much. I did it yesterday.
Lisa: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yotsuba Women's University]

Lisa: Okay, I'm heading this way! See you later...
Cat: Meow~
Yukina: ……!
Lisa: What, a cat? From where?
Cat: Meow~
Yukina: ......! Kitty......!
Lisa: Wow, a black cat! So cute!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: There, there, good girl…..
Lisa: Can I pet her, too?
Yukina: Of course you can. She's so fluffy.
Lisa: Wow... You're right. And she's so warm.
Lisa: Is this the cat that lives on campus that you were telling me about yesterday?
Yukina: Yes, she is. I heard that some club is taking care of her...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Uh-huh. But doesn't she seem to be quite attached to you?
Yukina: Maybe it's because I give her treats sometimes.
Lisa: Oh, I see. Hehe, so you were doing that.
Lisa: What's her name?
Yukina: I don't know. Sometimes I've heard people call her Tama or Kuro...
Lisa: Hehe, sounds like everyone just calls her by their favorite names.
Lisa: Well then, let's give her a name too!
Yukina: A name... That's a good idea, but what would you like to name her?
Lisa: How about Yuki, after Yukina?
Yukina: Yuki means snow, so the imagery is a bit off...
Lisa: Hmmm... then Black!
Yukina: That's too on the nose.
Lisa: Ahaha, can't argue with that.
Yukina: ...... Rose.
Yukina: How about Rose?
Lisa: Rose...... Hehe, that's a very pretty name.
Lisa: Alright, Rose it is! From now on, you're Rose~
Cat: Meow~
Yukina: ......! She replied.
Lisa: Yep. Seems like she likes the name.
Yukina: Fufu...... Over here, Rose. You're so cute~
Cat: Meooow.
Lisa: ...... You haven't changed since the old days~ It's quite a relief to see.
Yukina: Is that so...? That's the same for you Lisa, isn't it?
Lisa: Oh, really? I'm kind of glad. Though it might be weird to say I'm happy that I haven't changed...
Lisa: You know, when we started university, I was a little nervous about going to class while performing professionally.
Lisa: Unlike high school, university is a completely different environment. We're taking different classes, so we don't see each other as much.
Yukina: You say that, but we see the rest of the band almost every day.
Lisa: Hehe, that's true.
Lisa: But... Moments like today, when we walk together in the morning as we did in high school, or when I see you getting all cutesy with cats... I feel relieved.
Yukina: You're acting weird. But... I do understand a bit of what you mean.
Yukina: I also feel relieved when Lisa's a little over-the-top nosy.
Lisa: Excuse me, is that supposed to be a compliment?
Yukina: Yes, it's a compliment.
Yukina: ... I'm sure that we'll continue to challenge new things, and the world around us will continue to change from here on out.
Yukina: But...... No matter how much the environment changes, I'm sure that with everyone in Roselia, we'll be fine.
Lisa: Yeah... We'll be just fine.
Lisa: ...... Thanks, Yukina.
Yukina: Fufu...... I should be the one thanking you. Without your reminder, I would've completely forgotten about my assignment.
Lisa: Oh, I knew it~! You forgot about it until yesterday.
Yukina: I have no idea what you're talking about.
(White cut)
(Background change)
