1950_Yukina Minato_R4 Paralyzingly Overwhelmed

Gacha phrase: It's not just hot... it's an almost terrifying intensity...!

<Trust from the Heart>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Sayo: It's gotten quite late, hasn't it.
Yukina: Yes. The meeting at the agency lasted longer than I had planned.
Sayo: ...
Yukina: Sayo?
Sayo: Sorry. I couldn't help thinking about the request to perform at All Music Fes.
Yukina: That's understandable. Perhaps what you're concerned about is the 2nd album?
Sayo: That's right... When I think about the schedule, I couldn't come to a conclusion so easily...
Yukina: As for the lyrics, Lisa said she would help me with that, and you don't have to worry too much.
Sayo: Minato-san... did you know that Imai-san was continuing her lyricist studies?
Yukina: Why?
Sayo: I felt like you asked her to write lyrics more easily than I had expected. Besides, you were smiling at that time.
Yukina: Yes, I did. I've known it since a long time ago.
Yukina: She didn't think I was aware of it, though...
Sayo: Fufu, that's very typical of Imai-san. The way she works hard behind the scenes, and the timing of when she asked you to be allowed to write lyrics.
Yukina: Yeah, even though she knew her own production schedule would be tight, she brought it up at a time like that...
Yukina: She can't help but reach out when someone is in need. That's typical of Lisa.
Sayo: That's right. I, too, have been helped by that aspect of Imai-san many times.
Yukina: We both owe Lisa a lot.
Sayo: Indeed...I hope Imai-san's lyrics go well. Both for your sake, as well as hers.
Yukina: Don't worry. Lisa will give us something worthy of release.
Yukina: Though it may not be easy, in the end, I'm sure she will.
Sayo: You're sure of that, aren't you, Minato-san?
Yukina: Yes... Because no matter what, Lisa's not a quitter.
Sayo: She's not a good quitter... That may be true. Especially when it's for someone else.
Yukina: Yes. She usually seems to be very understanding, but Lisa won't give up on something she's set her heart on.
Yukina: When I once tried to push her away, that was also the case...
Yukina: Just as she clung onto me no matter what that time, Lisa never backs down when the moment calls for it.
Sayo: That's right. No matter how harsh Minato-san and I say things, Imai-san never tried to quit Roselia.
Sayo: ... Now, I can only thank her for that.
Yukina: That's why I accepted her proposal. I'm sure Lisa will desperately try her best to bite the bullet this time, too.
Yukina: That's the kind of person Lisa is, so I'm sure she'll come up with something satisfactory in the end.
Yukina: Otherwise, I wouldn't have left it to her.
Sayo: Fufu, I see.
Yukina: Is there anything wrong with that...?
Sayo: No. I just thought it was a very convincing reason.
Sayo: I think Minato-san trusts her, including her unwillingness to give up.
Yukina: Yes, I think I've seen Lisa's reluctance to give up even more than Sayo and the others.
Sayo: Fufu, I feel a bit envious of your childhood friendship.
Yukina: You're smiling, but Sayo, your reluctance to give up is considerable, too.
Sayo: That's ...... certainly undeniable.
Sayo: Not just Imai-san and myself, I feel like I can say that about all Roselia members.
Yukina: That's true too. Ako, Rinko, and myself.
Yukina: But that's why I'm here with you guys, and I believe no matter what happens in the future, we can move forward.
Yukina: In any case, let's make a choice we have no regrets about. All of us together.


<Fire Burned Into Memory>

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Marina: Well, it was a great live show! We're almost done with the cleanup, let's take a break!
Marina: Both the girls who performed and the audience, all of them were having a great time. Seeing that makes me feel good working at a live house.
Marina: By the way, I thought I saw Yukina-chan among the audience just now...
Yukina: Hello.
Marina: Oh, I knew it! Hello, Yukina-chan!
Yukina: If you're in the middle of cleaning up, perhaps I shouldn't be bothering?
Marina: No, we're taking a break right now. Anyway, isn't it rare for you to see a live show like this alone, Yukina-chan?
Yukina: Yes... I've been thinking about something a little. I wanted to go back to the basics for a bit.
Marina: I see... does that have anything to do with All Music Fes.?
Yukina: You've already heard from someone, haven't you?
Marina: Yeah, a little bit. Yukina-chan, are you... okay with that? I can at least listen to what you have to say...
Yukina: Don't worry so much.  But yes, perhaps I'll take you up on your offer for a bit.
Yukina: ... For us, All Music Fes. was a show that left us with regrets.
Yukina: The size of the stage, the level of the bands on stage, and the meaning of being there... we took it very seriously, in our own way.
Yukina: But we were naive. We knew that as soon as we actually stood there.
Yukina: We were... We didn't have anything adequate on that stage. Neither the skill... nor the determination...
Marina: Yukina-chan...
Yukina: ... On such a stage, I suddenly thought of Mitake-san.
Yukina: I thought of how she looked, during that joint performance we held some time ago.
Marina: Ran-chan?
Yukina: Yes. I'm sure that the Mitake-san at that time, had what I lacked.
Yukina: She had a passion that could set the hearts aflame of all who watched her, even if it meant burning herself up.
Marina: I think I know what Yukina-chan means to say.
Marina: Even though she knows she can't reach it, she still tries to reach for it. I think that's Ran-chan's strength.
Marina: I'm sure that the image of Ran-chan left an impression on Yukina-chan's heart.
Yukina: ...You're right. I think so too.
Yukina: ... Roselia lost many things with that live performance at All Music Fes.
Yukina: We can't regain so easily the confidence that has been built up so far... However...
Yukina: I don't intend to stand still. What I felt Roselia lacked when I stood on the stage at All Music Fes., and that consuming fire I felt from Mitake-san... I'll definitely get them.
Marina: Fufu, Yukina-chan, you're strong-minded, aren't you?
Yukina: ... No, I'm not the only one. Roselia can stand up again... I believe so.
