event115-02 Chapter 1: HOPE

Tsugumi attends a jam session with Yukina and the others. What advice does she receive...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[Studio]

Yukina: ...
Kasumi: Mmm~! I just love "HOPE" so much~!
Rimi: I've even caught you humming it sometimes, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: Yeah! I felt this the first time I heard it as well as when we performed it, but this song is always so fun! It makes my heart dance~!
Maya: I know what you mean! Every time we get together and play, I discover something new...!
Tsugumi: Yes! Doing sessions together is so much fun! I always learn a lot!
Maya: Huhehe. I'm so glad I suggested we do regular sessions together.
Yukina: ... Speaking of which, we should make the most of our regular sessions. Let's start by pointing out the areas we need to work on.
Yukina: First, Toyama-san. Your start has improved, but during the first verse...
(Black cut)
Yukina: ... And lastly, Hazawa-san. Trying to harmonize your sound to those around you is good, but there are places where it comes off as unnatural.
Yukina: Why don't you try being more assertive instead of supporting everyone all the time?
Tsugumi: Assertive...?
Maya: That's true. Harmony is important in a band, but it might be good to take the lead when it's your instrument's main part.
Kasumi: I get it~! Does this mean I need to be more assertive during my guitar solos?!
Yukina: No, you already stand out more than enough.
Kasumi: Ehehe, come on~.
Rimi: Ahaha... I think it's good to stand out. It's so easy to match my sound to yours because your sound is so sparkly, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: Really?! Thanks so much, Rimi-rin~!
Tsugumi: Be more assertive... O-okay. Can we try from the top once more then?!
Tsugumi: I discovered a new tone recently that I think could fit better...! I've actually been wanting to try it out!
Yukina: Of course. Everyone approaches music differently. Only by continuing until you're satisfied can you produce something of quality.
Kasumi: I can't wait to hear it, Tsugu~! I wonder what it's going to be like!
Rimi: Yeah, I'm excited, too~!
Tsugumi: Fufu, you won't be disappointed!
Maya: All right, everyone. On my count~! One, two, one, two, three, four...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tsugumi: There are so many things I still don't know... Like the balance between instruments and different ways of creating sounds...
Tsugumi: I feel like I've made some progress, though... This really is fun!
Yukina: ... Hazawa-san, good work back there.
Tsugumi: Ah, Yukina-senpai and Maya-senpai...! Thanks, you too! Are you two also taking a break here?
Maya: Yeah. Toyama-san and Ushigome-san are... Ah, I think they're at the café outside. You're not going, Hazawa-san?
Tsugumi: There's something I want to do... I want to reflect on what I just learned during our session.
Maya: Oh, that's a great attitude! But try not to push yourself too hard, okay?
Tsugumi: Fufu, thank you very much, but I'll be okay. I'm really enjoying practice!
Yukina: ... That feeling is very important. You were also very proactive earlier.
Tsugumi: Yes. All of you have an approach to music that's different from Afterglow's... It's really inspiring...
Tsugumi: And because of that, I've noticed new things and have more stuff I want to try out.
Yukina: Yes. It is precisely because we are from different bands that there is so much we can learn from each other's music and viewpoints.
Tsugumi: I think so, too! The way I approach things has really changed since we started doing sessions together... That's what makes it so fun!
Tsugumi: Roselia's performance during Future World Fes really inspired me too!
Yukina: I see... How did our concert appear to you?
Tsugumi: It was so intense! It was like Roselia's passion had spread throughout the audience... I couldn't take my eyes off of you!
Maya: Yeah. I couldn't go see it directly, but I've heard how incredible it was!
Yukina: Thank you. I personally think we did very well too.
Yukina: Our concert there was our most important one yet. It was the reason Roselia was formed, and it's been our long-standing goal.
Yukina: We faced many challenges to get there. But overcoming those challenges helped Roselia, as well as myself, grow considerably.
Yukina: That's why I think we were able to give an uncompromising performance... And more importantly, enjoy ourselves.
Tsugumi: ...!
Maya: I know the feeling.
Maya: The goal of Pastel＊Palettes is to help our audience have a good time. That's why we try to put on the best show that we can.
Maya: It's been hard because of everyone's busy schedules... But that's why it feels really great when a show does click.
Maya: The sea of lights that we see from the stage is proof that our feelings reached the audience... It makes everything we've done feel worthwhile.
Tsugumi: ... Yeah, that makes so much sense.
Tsugumi: A great show is only possible after you've given it everything you've got and done everything you can to improve...!
Tsugumi: Thank you! It's been very helpful listening to the two of you! I... I want to get a lot better, too!
Maya & Yukina: ...
Tsugumi: Oh, I'm sorry... I got carried away...
Yukina: Fufu. You really are a band musician, Hazawa-san.
Maya: Yep. It'll be really interesting to see how Afterglow grows as a band.
Tsugumi: ...?
Yukina: Hazawa-san. I look forward to seeing what kind of wonderful concerts your band will give.
Maya: Me too! Good luck!
Tsugumi: ...! Thank you very much!
Tsugumi: We'll make sure our performances will be unforgettable!
