event115-04 Chapter 3: Burning Frustration

Something has been bothering Himari since Future World Fes. She then receives a message.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Uehara Residence - Himari's Room]

Himari: Tsugu was amazing yesterday... She gave all those suggestions...
Himari: Has Tsugu been thinking about that stuff since our last show?
Himari: Something's been bothering me since then as well... No, even before that... Ever since we saw Roselia's show...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Himari: Th-that was amazing...! Roselia was so cool!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Himari: (I've been trying not to think about it... Their show... It had something ours don't have...)
Himari: (Comparing us to them has been freaking me out a bit...)
Himari: There's no way I could tell the guys...
Himari: (It sounds like I think we're not as good as Roselia...)
Himari: (Since everyone else has been acting the same as always, I thought I should be, too.)
Himari: (But... Is that really what's best for us?)
Himari: I think I've messed up as the leader... It really sucks to feel this way...
Himari: Hm? A message... from Rimi.
Himari: "We found this doll. Isn't it the one that you and the others wear, Himari-chan?"
Himari: It is! That's the lucky charm doll I made... Wait...!
Himari: My charm... You've gotta be kidding me! I can't find it~! I know I had it when we went to the studio yesterday!
Himari: Which means... I dropped mine~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Rimi: So this one was yours. I'm glad I got in touch with you, Himari-chan.
Himari: Rimi, Kasumi... Thanks so much, guys~!
Kasumi: No problem~! I'm glad it's back where it belongs! It was right in front of that café there~.
Himari: I hadn't even noticed... I should be more careful. By the way, those instruments... Is Poppin'Party practicing?
Rimi: Nope, it's just me and Kasumi-chan today. We wanted to practice the song we're playing with Yukina-senpai and everyone.
Kasumi: Yeah! It's a really amazing song called "HOPE!" It's so exciting and fun to practice and play with everyone!
Rimi: Yukina-senpai and Maya-san are really teaching us a lot. Tsugumi-chan also said they've given her a lot to think about.
Himari: She did...?
Rimi: Yes. She's really taking our song seriously... And she shares so many of her thoughts with us.
Kasumi: Yeah, exactly! She's trying really hard, but she also seems to be having tons of fun~!
Himari: ... I can see that.
Kasumi: Right? You know, when we finished our session, I told her how cool it was that she was having so much fun while working so hard! And you know what she said?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsugumi: Fufu. I think it's because of our sessions.
Tsugumi: Entering a studio with people from different bands... It's exposed me to ways of thinking that I'd never known.
Tsugumi: That's what makes it so fun. And that's why I can work even harder than before.
Kasumi: Ooo~! So is this what being Tsugurific is like?
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Maybe. I can't wait to try out everything I've learned here with Afterglow.
Tsugumi: I'm sure it'll help us play better... And then our concerts will improve too!
Tsugumi: And someday... I want us to give an incredible show like Roselia did at Future World Fes.
Tsugumi: Because I know we can!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kasumi: Tsugu was so sparkly when she said that~!
Himari: I see... So that's what Tsugu's been thinking...
Himari: (She wants us to get better... That way we can put on an amazing show like Roselia did...)
Himari: ...!
Rimi: Himari-chan...?
Himari: I... I think I've been feeling the same way as she has...
Himari: (Ever since I saw Roselia's show, I've been comparing us to them, and it's been bothering me.)
Himari: (I couldn't bring it up because I was afraid it sounded like I thought we weren't as good as them.)
Himari: (But that's not it...)
Himari: I've been jealous...
Kasumi & Rimi: ...?
Himari: (I've been jealous that they could put on such an amazing show. A part of me has been wanting us to be able to do the same thing.)
Himari: (But I know that we can't yet... And that's what's been bothering me. I just didn't realize it because I was paying more attention to the fact that I was comparing ourselves to Roselia.)
Himari: (But now I know! I wanna do a show like that!)
Himari: Wh-what a relief~!
Kasumi: Himari-chan? Are you okay...?
Himari: Oh, um, it's nothing! I'm just relieved because I figured out what that uncomfortable feeling was.
Kasumi: Is that so...?
Himari: Yeah! Thanks, you two! Not just for finding my charm, but also for helping me realize something really important!
Kasumi & Rimi: Y-you're welcome...?
Rimi: I wonder what's gotten into Himari-chan...
Kasumi: Hmm, I don't know... But she was kind of sparkly like Tsugu!
Himari: All right~! Let's do this~!
