event23-04 Chapter 3: Ruler, On the Scene

Somehow, Sayo gets through one step, but there's a tough road ahead if she wants to complete them all...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Sayo: Hazawa-san, I brought the dough that was chilling from the refrigerator. What should I do now?
Tsugumi: Now you're gonna want to roll out the dough with a rolling pin! The thickness should be about-
Sayo: Ah, your mom is about to explain... I see, so approximately 5 millimeters thick...
Sayo: 5 millimeters...? How thick would that be...?
Tsugumi: (... Did something happen? Sayo-san just stopped moving...)
Sayo: ... Ah. Hazawa-san, do you have a ruler?
Tsugumi: What?! A... ruler?
Sayo: I need a ruler to make the dough 5 millimeters thick, so I'd like to borrow one...
Tsugumi: (Sayo-san really is serious. I bet she's making a genuine effort to deal with a lot of different things.)
Tsugumi: Sayo-san. You're right that she said 5 millimeters, but you'll be okay if you're just within that range!
Tsugumi: Making it a little thicker or a little thinner won't cause any problems!
Sayo: Really?
Tsugumi: Yep! Not to mention, dense cookies are a thing too.
Sayo: That's what you mean. Still...
Sayo: (Saying I can estimate 'within range' doesn't help me understand...)
Tsugumi: Sayo-san, why don't we take a look at the thickness of the dough together?
Sayo: Hazawa-san... Yes, if you please.
(Black cut)
Sayo: Phew... Hazawa-san, I gave rolling out the dough a try, but would this be about 5 millimeters?
Tsugumi: Let's see. I think that seems about right!
Tsugumi: Shall we measure with a ruler?
Sayo: Let's. I'm interested to see how it came out.
Tsugumi: Okay! I'll go grab one! Be back in a second!
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Thanks for waiting! Alright, let's measure!
Tsugumi: Hm~... Huh?! I-it's 10 millimeters?!
Tsugumi: That's not exactly 'within range'...
Sayo: ... This 'within range' thing is very difficult.
Tsugumi: Sigh... I'm sorry, Sayo-san. I really have to get it together...
Sayo: I wouldn't say that... Anyway, I'll flatten the dough a little more.
Tsugumi: Yes, please... When making treats, there are times where you need to be sure to stick to the process and times where you can get away with just eyeballing things.
Tsugumi: Flattening the dough is... one of those times when you can just eyeball it, so I thought it should turn out fine even if you weren't being exact...
Sayo: What would be an example of a time when you need to stick to the process?
Tsugumi: Uhm~... Like when you're measuring the ingredients.
Tsugumi: If you don't have just the right amount of each ingredient, you could end up with burnt treats, or the dough might not mix together well.
Tsugumi: ... Ah, I'm sorry! I shouldn't be acting like a know-it-all...
Sayo: It's no problem. Right now you're my teacher, so don't let that bother you.
Sayo: Besides, I learned something about the parts of the process that require extreme care and parts where I can be a little more lax.
Sayo: Hazawa-san. How's the thickness of this dough?
Tsugumi: ... Mhm! That looks really close! Let's measure it!
Tsugumi: Uhm... W-wow! It's just about 5 millimeters!
Tsugumi: Wah~, congratulations, Sayo-san! Look, no matter which way I measure it... it's 5 millimeters!
Sayo: ... Is that really something to be so happy about? But thanks... I guess... Fufufu.
Sayo: (Her being happy for me... for just flattening some dough makes me feel happy as well.)
Tsugumi: Let's try to keep this up during the next step.
Sayo: Okay, I'll do my best. What are we supposed to do next?
Tsugumi: Now, you'll use cookie cutters to make shapes out of the dough. Choose which shapes you want from these!
Sayo: There are quite a number of different ones here. Which should I go with...?
Sayo: (From these... I pick this... this... and this one, I guess...)
Sayo: ... I've decided. I'd like to make my cookies with these.
