event23-02 Chapter 1: An Unexpected Participant

Tsugumi is tasked with being a helper during the cooking class, and Sayo comes to take part in it...!

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Day Of The Cooking Class]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: (Th-the day has finally come...! Wow, there's a lot more people here than I expected...)
Tsugumi: (Even if I'm just giving my mom a hand, am I really expected to help a group this big ...?)
Tsugumi: (I-it'll be okay! I stayed up late last night preparing for this. I should be able to answer any questions that come my way!)
Sayo: Oh... I know you. You're...
Tsugumi: Huh?! Sayo-san...?! From Roselia...?!
Sayo: ... Hazawa-san... right...? I see. So your family is the one that owns Hazawa Coffee.
Tsugumi: By any chance... Are you also here to take part in the cooking class?
Sayo: That's right. I'm here because cookies... or rather, treats have a relaxing effect on people.
Tsugumi: Huh? Y-yeah, tasty treats certainly make you feel calmer when you eat them...!
Sayo: Precisely. During rehearsal, whether or not we have them to provide that kind of effect has a significant impact on our productivity.
Sayo: There's a member in my band who always makes those sort of things for us, and...
Sayo: Once when she didn't come to practice, everyone felt uneasy, and we couldn't get things going.
Tsugumi: I-I see.
Sayo: If I had baked and brought my own snacks that day to rehearsal... I'm sure the mood would have been at least a little different.
Sayo: And that's why I decided to learn how to bake. If we're ever faced with similar circumstances, I'd like to be able to avoid a repeat of those events.
Tsugumi: Oh, okay. So that's why you came.
Sayo: Right.
Tsugumi: (Sayo-san sure is serious...)
Sayo: Hazawa-san? Is there something on my face?
Tsugumi: Ah, no! I was just thinking how amazing it is that you're so thoughtful about how to help your band.
Sayo: ... Amazing? I think it's only natural that I do what I can to help us improve...
Tsugumi: But still, it's impressive that you can actually put those thoughts into action!
Sayo: Y-you think so...? Well, I'm still new to baking, so whether or not I can actually do it well is a different story...
(Black cut)
Sayo: Uhm, Hazawa-san. Today we're making iced cookies... What does that mean? They seem to be more complicated than regular cookies...
Tsugumi: They're not. It just means that we'll use sugar and egg whites to color and decorate regular cookies!
Tsugumi: So basically, we'll just bake some cookies, and then we'll dress them up a bit. Nothing too complicated really.
Sayo: I hope I'll be able to do that...
Tsugumi: No need to worry! It'll be fine!
Tsugumi: All you have to do is mix the flour, butter and sugar, knead it and make the cookie dough.
Tsugumi: My mom is about to explain in detail while she demonstrates, so watch her closely.
Tsugumi: If there's something you don't understand, feel free to ask about it!
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Tsugumi's Mother: Tsugumi, come here for a sec'.
Tsugumi: Yes, mom?
Tsugumi's Mother: Is that girl you were talking to earlier your friend?
Tsugumi: You mean Sayo-san? Y-yeah... She's my friend.
Tsugumi's Mother: Then why don't you stick with her and give her a hand?
Tsugumi: Wait, me?!
Tsugumi's Mother: She's been doing a lot of looking around as if she doesn't know what to do, so you should help her. Got it?
Tsugumi: (Ah, she walked away... Me? Helping Sayo-san...? Ohh~, I can feel the butterflies now...)
Tsugumi: (I've heard about Sayo-san from Ako-chan. She's extremely serious and strict... What if I say the wrong thing during my explanation to someone like that...?)
Tsugumi: (B-but mom was right. Sayo-san's been looking around a lot, and it seems like she needs help...)
Tsugumi: (... Y-yeah, that's right! I'm the one who said I would help out, and my mom is counting on me, so I have to make sure I do this right!)
Tsugumi: (I-I'll give it my best shot...!)
