event23-06 Chapter 5: Guitar-Shaped Cookies

Sayo chooses to make cookies with certain people in mind, and Tsugumi learns something surprising about her.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Sayo: Hazawa-san, it's been about 20 minutes. I'm going to go check the oven.
Tsugumi: Okay, I'll be here!
(Black cut)
Sayo: I'm back.
Tsugumi: Still here! Wow~, those look really yummy!
Sayo: Yeah, they do. Now that I'm looking at them, I do feel a bit of emotion.
Sayo: ... These cookies... I made them.
Tsugumi: Fufu, it's not over yet, Sayo-san. Now for the finishing touch. Time to put the icing on!
Sayo: Icing... I do remember you saying there was a decoration part, but... It still seems complicated.
Tsugumi: No, it'll be okay! You just have to take the mixture of icing and food coloring, and use it to draw pictures on your cookies.
Sayo: ... U-understood. I'll give it a try.
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Sayo-san, how's it coming along?
Sayo: I'm currently trying to draw the details of the guitar, but... it's quite difficult.
Tsugumi: Yeah, when you try to make one part perfect, you end up wanting to make the whole thing perfect, huh?
Tsugumi: ... Hm? What are these cookies here...?
Sayo: Those are dog and cat-shaped cookies. Getting the balance right with the eyes and the noses was tough, so they came out a bit warped...
Tsugumi: Th-that's not true! They're cute! Especially the dog-shaped cookies. I can feel the love from the detail you put in. Can I assume that you like dogs?
Sayo: Y-yes... I do like dogs...
Sayo: ... And... so does Hina.
Tsugumi: I see. So if you gave these to her as a present, she's sure to be happy!
Sayo: Yeah, I hope so.
Tsugumi: Who do you plan to give these cat-shaped ones?
Sayo: They're for Minato-san.
Sayo: She said once that looking at cats gave her inspiration for a song, so I figured that cat-shaped cookies might have the same type of effect.
Tsugumi: I see! And the guitar-shaped ones are because you're part of a band, right?
Sayo: Right, exactly. And I remembered Imai-san and the others having a strap like that.
Tsugumi: (At first, Sayo-san said she wanted to make treats for the calming effect, but I wonder if she really just wanted to do something to make her band members and Hina-senpai happy.)
Tsugumi: (She's so kind...)
Sayo: Hazawa-san? Did I get something on my face?
Tsugumi: N-no, nothing!
Tsugumi: More importantly, I think it's lovely that you were thinking about all of them when you chose the shapes you wanted to use!
Tsugumi: I'm sure your intention won't be lost on them, and they'll be really hap- I mean, th-they'll be able to relax!
Sayo: Thank you. Hearing you say that makes me feel more sure.
Sayo: (Strange... Maybe it's thanks to Hazawa-san not contradicting me...)
Sayo: (She respects the parts of me that I believe are flawed as well and keeps the conversation going... That's very comforting.)
Sayo: ... Done. Hazawa-san, I finished the icing.
Tsugumi: Wah~! Congratulations! Alright, this is the last step. Let's wrap the cookies!
Tsugumi: Use what we have here for the bag and the ribbon!
Sayo: Okay... Oh, this ribbon... It has a lovely color.
Tsugumi: Ah! I found that ribbon at the shopping mall! I'm glad you like it!
Tsugumi: There were some other bags and ribbons with nice colors, but after some discussion and seeing what was in my wallet, I couldn't buy them at the time...
Tsugumi: Ah, I know! If you don't mind, would you like to go to the knick-knack shop together? I was thinking I would go back and get the ribbons and bags I couldn't buy before.
Sayo: To the knick-knack shop...?
Tsugumi: Ah, but only if you have time, of course... I-is that okay?
Sayo: Yeah. I'd love to go with you. I look forward to it.
