event23-07 Ending: Your Positive Traits

The cooking class is a success, and Sayo conveys her gratitude, as well as Tsugumi's positive traits...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Sayo-san, great job today! And with that, the cooking class is over!
Tsugumi: Thanks for sticking with me until the end, despite my awful explanations...!
Sayo: I'd like to thank you as well. Your explanations weren't awful at all. I had a really good experience thanks to you.
Tsugumi: R-really? I sure hope so...
Sayo: Hazawa-san, I know I'm one to talk, but I think you should carry yourself with more confidence.
Sayo: You have so many positive characteristics. I think you're especially good at finding other people's strong points.
Tsugumi: You... think so? I've never thought of myself that way, so I don't really get that feeling...
Sayo: I do. Today I feel like I got to know all about that part of you.
Sayo: I'm sure there are many different types of people in Afterglow, but...
Sayo: I think the ability to find the good points in others is a fitting trait for you.
Tsugumi: Th-thank you...!
Tsugumi: (A positive trait fitting for me... Not the best in Afterglow or anything like that, but something good that's specific to me...)
Sayo: Okay, I should start heading out. You're going to get back to work after this, right? Alright, do your thing.
Tsugumi: Y-yes! I will!
Hina: Hello~!
Hina: ... Ohh~? It's, without a doubt, my big sis~!
Sayo: Hina? What are you doing here...?
Hina: Pastel＊Palettes just finished having rehearsal and I decided to stop here on my way home~♪ Eve-chan's here too!
Eve: Sayo-san, long time no see!
Hina: Apparently, Eve-chan has a shift here soon~. What are you doing here, Sis? Are you buying something?
Sayo: No, I...
Tsugumi: We just finished having a cooking class here at Hazawa Coffee. Sayo-san took part in it as well.
Sayo: Hazawa-san! D-don't bring that up...!
Hina: Interesting~! Sis, you know how to bake treats? That's amazing! It'd sure be nice if I could have one~.
Sayo: I thought you would say that... Here, this is for you.
Hina: Really?! No takesies backsies, you know!
Sayo: No one's going to take back your treats.
Hina: Can I open it? Can I look inside?
Sayo: There's no need to be so hasty... If you just wait until you get hom-
Hina: Yah! ... Wah~, they're so cute~!
Sayo: ... Wait, you opened it already?
Hina: Well, I wanna eat it now~.
Hina: ... Is this... a hamster? It's cute~♪
Tsugumi: Huh? That was definitely a dog...
Sayo: She's always like this...
Hina: That's awesome! I wanna know how to make cookies just like you.
Hina: Ah, I'm totally boppin' now! Hey hey, Sis! You gotta teach me how to bake cookies sometime~!
Sayo: I guess I have no choice. I'll show you how to make them.
Hina: Really?! Yay~!!
Eve: Hina-san, that's great!
Sayo: Hina, listen closely. Understanding restraint and moderation is important when making cookies.
Sayo: You have to know when to take things easy and when to focus.
Tsugumi: (Ah... Fufu.)
Eve: Wah~! These are iced cookies, right?!
Eve: The shapes are really cute! They're beautiful! If I have the chance, I'd like to take part in the next cooking class!
Tsugumi: Okay! The next time we have one, I'll be sure to invite you.
Sayo: Alright, it's about time for me to go. Hina, you're going to have tea with Wakamiya-san, right?
Hina: Mhm! I figured we would do that until her shift starts!
Sayo: Got it. I'll head home first then.
Sayo: Hazawa-san, I want to thank you again for today. We'll be meeting up again to go to the knick-knack shop, right? I'm looking forward to it.
Tsugumi: Yeah, me too! I'll message you later!
Hina: What?! Are you two gonna hang out?
Sayo: Yes, that's right.
Hina: When did you guys get so close...? Aww~! No fair~!!
Hina: I wanna go too~! Take me with you~!!
Sayo: ... Fufufu.
Tsugumi: Aha, ahahaha.
