event23-05 Chapter 4: Common Characteristics

During their baking session, Sayo finds things that she has in common with Tsugumi.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Sayo: ...
Tsugumi: (Sayo-san's taking her cookie cutting so seriously. She's being really careful not to make even the slightest mistake... Maybe she's making them for someone special.)
Sayo: ... Phew. Done. Hazawa-san, what should I do with the dough, now that I've cut it?
Tsugumi: Line the pieces up on this cookie sheet. Once you've done that, you can put them in the oven to bake!
Sayo: Understood. Alright, I'll place them on the sheet and then in the oven.
(Black cut)
Sayo: I'm back. I put them in the oven and set the timer. Was 170 degrees Celsius for 20 minutes okay?
Tsugumi: Yes, that works! Okay, it's time to wash the dishes while we wait for them for bake!
Sayo: Understood.
Tsugumi: I'll help too!
Sayo: Okay, yeah. If you don't mind.
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Sayo-san, no need to rush, okay? We have 20 minutes, so let's take our time washing these!
Sayo: Okay... Uhm, Hazawa-san. Thank you.
Tsugumi: Huh?! Wh-why are you thanking me?
Sayo: Thanks to your teaching, I was somehow able to do all of this. I definitely wouldn't have been able to on my own.
Sayo: That's why I wanted to say thank you.
Tsugumi: Th-that's not true! I didn't do anything... It's all because of the effort you put in!
Sayo: No, that's not it at all. By taking this cooking class, I was able to learn something very important from you.
Tsugumi: You... were...?
Sayo: Yes. I suppose you could say it's a habit of mine, but I tend to be unable to show restraint, and no matter what I'm doing, I end up putting on airs.
Sayo: However, while we were making cookies, you taught me all about moderation.
Sayo: You were earnest and did your best in order to help me understand that I don't always have to be so precise with everything...
Sayo: Your enthusiasm and willingness helped me learn. I think that those characteristics are quite wonderful.
Tsugumi: Hearing you say all of those things is kind of embarrassing. Th-thank you.
Tsugumi: Uh-uhm... This might be kind of rude to say, but... I think that from making cookies together today, I felt a strong sense of closeness with you.
Sayo: ... Huh?
Tsugumi: You mentioned that you have trouble showing restraint. I'm really bad at that too. Everyone always teases me about it...
Tsugumi: Ahaha, you probably don't want to be compared to me, right? I'm sorry...
Sayo: No, it's fine. In fact, I actually felt a certain level of affinity as well.
Tsugumi: R-really? Whew, thank goodness~. So then... you were thinking the same thing I was thinking, right?
Tsugumi: That makes me... really happy... I guess...? Or embarrassed... maybe...?
Sayo: Hey, Hazawa-san. We still have some time until the cookies are done. Why don't we talk a little bit more?
Sayo: I want you to tell me more about yourself.
Tsugumi: Yeah, I'd love to! I want to know more about you too!
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Everyone in Afterglow is amazing!
Tsugumi: Ran-chan writes all of the lyrics for us, and Moca-chan can copy a melody just by hearing it...
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan is always watching over us and supporting us in many different ways, while Himari-chan is the source of our energy...
Tsugumi: I'm proud to call them my friends!
Tsugumi: But that's exactly why I need to hurry and catch up to them... I always get all worked up because I don't want to watch them get any farther away from me than they already are...
Sayo: (Hazawa-san... Just as I thought. We're very similar. Comparing herself to the other band members, getting flustered and feeling pressured... Just like how I feel with Hina...)
Tsugumi: Ahaha, sorry. That last part got really serious...
Sayo: No, it's okay. I can't really describe it that well, but I go through the same thing.
Tsugumi: The same thing... as I do...?
Sayo: That's right. You might have seen her around CiRCLE, I have a younger sister named Hina.
Sayo: Unlike me, Hina can do anything. You might say she was born a genius. As far as I know, there hasn't been anything she's been unable to do.
Sayo: I always end up comparing myself to her. I wonder why Hina can do things that I can't... So I understand how you feel when you say you want to catch up to the others.
Tsugumi: Sayo-san...
Sayo: I think your passion and ability to dedicate yourself to something is admirable.
Sayo: If you're not making any progress... If you're comparing yourself to others and you're feeling inferior... You might be thinking too hard.
Sayo: ... Actually, it'd be nice if I could convince myself of that too.
Tsugumi: I-I think the fact that you deal with everything so genuinely is really admirable as well!
Tsugumi: Not to mention, you're really good at guitar. I play a different instrument, but I respect you for that!
Sayo: Hazawa-san... Thank you.
Sayo: In that case, I have to find my own sound soon so I can live up to your expectations.
Tsugumi: Your own sound...?
Sayo: That's right. I'm currently in the process of looking for it. I'm not sure when I'll finally get there, but I guarantee that I'll find it.
Tsugumi: (Find one's own sound... The sound of Sayo-san's guitar... Wow, I've never even thought of anything like that before.)
Tsugumi: Uh-uhm, do you think there's something like that for me too?
Sayo: Yes, there should be. Think about it. There's something good about you that only exists within you. One day, you'll be able to find your own sound without comparing yourself to others.
Sayo: And, without question, so will I...
Sayo: ...
Sayo: If I'm able to put into practice the restraint I learned about from you, I may be able to find my own sound...
Tsugumi: I-I'll do my best to find my own sound too!
