event118-04 Chapter 3: A Beautiful Gradient

The girls enjoy themselves at the Hydrangea Park. Himari suggests they all take a photo together.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hydrangea Park - Park Grounds]

Eve: It is like we are in a hydrangea maze. There are flowers as far as the eye can see. How stunning...!
Kanon: You're right. It's as if we've jumped into a picture book.
Himari: Hey, can we take a group photo in front of these hydrangeas?
Saya: Sure! This looks like the perfect spot for a group shot.
Himari: Hooray~! Thank you! Okay, get ready~. Everybody, squeeze in a bit more. Squeeze!
Eve: Ah! Chisato-san, please be careful of that frog near your feet.
Chisato: ...Huh? ...!
Eve: Oh? Chisato-san? Do you not like frogs?
Chisato: N-no, it's nothing like that... I'm totally fine...!
Kanon: Ch-Chisato-chan. I-it kind of hurts when you cling onto me that tightly~.
Saya: Fufu, it's so small and cute♪ Ah, don't go over there, froggy.
Chisato: ...!
Kanon: Ch-Chisato-chan! D-don't push... Fue~!
Eve: Mr. Frog, you mustn't go near anyone!
Himari: Wah, Kanon-san! You don't need to be so close...! The photo...
All: Ah.
Himari: What is this photo...? It's just a picture of everyone's feet...
Saya: Well, if you look at it another way, it's actually kind of stylish, no? I'd even say it looks like a piece of art...
Himari: Huh? You think so~? This isn't really what I had in mind~...
Eve: Fufu, I think it is nice! When we look at it later, we will remember our encounter with the frog. It is a fun and lively photograph.
Himari: Gotcha~. I guess you could look at it that way~... Wow, now I'm starting to really like it.
Kanon: Fufu, me too.
Saya: You know, it's been a while since the last time I saw a frog. I wonder how long it’s been.
Kanon: The frog is one thing, but Chisato-chan's terrified face is also something you hardly get to see. Fufu.
Chisato: Goodness, Kanon. Don’t tease me.
Saya, Eve, Kanon & Himari: Ahaha.
Eve: Hm? There's something over there...
Himari: Don't tell me... Is it another frog?
Eve: Not this time... Ah, a snail is hiding under this leaf. Now this is the art of stealth! It is just like a ninja!
Kanon: Are you okay with snails, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: They’re not my favorite.... But I can handle them better than frogs...
Saya: This snail sure is lucky to live among these radiant hydrangeas. I better take a picture♪
Himari: Hey Saya, don't you think you're taking too many photos? The view from the top is supposed to be unbeatable. We have to hurry!
Saya: Okay! Then let's pick up the pace. Ah, Kanon-senpai, it’s muddy near your feet, so please be careful.
Kanon: Ah, wait for me~. If you leave me behind, I might never see you again~...
Chisato & Eve: Fufufu...
Eve: Ah, Chisato-san. Please watch out for that big puddle there.
Chisato: Thank you, Eve-chan, but I'm actually used to stepping in puddles.
Eve: Oh? Why is that?
Chisato: When I take Leon for walks on rainy days, he plays in puddles and makes a mess.
Eve: So Leon-kun likes the rain! May I join you next time?
Chisato: Yes, of course. But Leon shakes water everywhere, so be prepared to get wet.
Eve: I accept any and all consequences!
Chisato: Fufu. Oh, look, Eve-chan. The hydrangeas over there are particularly lovely. All the different colors have come together. There's pink, purple, and yellow...
Eve: They have blue and green flowers, too. What a pretty color gradation...! These hydrangeas are like Pastel＊Palettes!
Eve: The green and blue ones are Maya-san and Hina-san, the fluffy pink ones are Aya-san, and the yellow ones are Chisato-san!
Chisato: You're right, it's just like Pastel＊Palettes. So that means these light purple ones are...
Eve: Hehe... They're me!
Chisato: Eve-chan, I doubt I can give you any useful advice when it comes to kendo, but if I can help you in any way, please let me know.
Eve: Chisato-san... Thank you very much.
Chisato: I'm the one who should be thanking you. You're always encouraging us with all your heart, just like when Aya-chan and I had auditions the other day.
Eve: It's just... I really love everyone, that is all. I am cheering you on because that is what I want to do. I want to be everyone's number one ally!
Chisato: Fufu, perhaps that's why you always give me so much energy. Thank you for everything.
Eve: Chisato-san...!
Chisato: That's why I want to do all I can to support you as well. Whenever you feel troubled, I want to help. So please let me know.
Eve: Your words alone have given me strength. I am happy I could come see the hydrangeas with you today, Chisato-san!
Eve: Hehe... I love you, Chisato-san!
Chisato: Fufu, I love you too, Eve-chan. Now, let's catch up to Himari-chan and the others.
Eve: Yes!
