event118-02 Chapter 1: Eve's Troubles

Eve is worried about kendo. Saya and the others come up with an idea to help.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: Mmm~, Delicious! The subtle sweetness of this fruit cake is so addictive~♪ I could eat a hundred of them~!
Tsugumi: Thank goodness. We're still working on this dish, so if you have any suggestions, please let me know.
Himari: It's already perfect, Tsugu! Anybody who eats this cake will love it. Guaranteed♪
Tsugumi: Fufu, thanks, Himari-chan. Oh, welcome...
Chisato: Hello, Tsugumi-chan and Himari-chan.
Himari: Chisato-san, Kanon-san! Hello. Oh, Saya and Eve-chan are here too.
Saya: Yep. It's kind of a long story, but we decided to unwind at a café.
Tsugumi: Eve-chan, looks like you're here as a customer today.
Eve: Hello, Tsugumi-san and Himari-san...
Tsugumi: Huh? What's wrong, Eve-chan? You seem a little down... Did something happen?
Eve: You see...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kendo Club Advisor: ... Wakamiya-san. You are much stronger now than when you first started.
Eve: Yes! Thank you!
Kendo Club Advisor: ... However, there's one thing I've noticed... It seems you do not understand zanshin quite yet.
Eve: Huh? Wh-what is missing from my zanshin?
Kendo Club Advisor: There is no benefit to me simply giving you the answer. This is something you must figure out by yourself. Understand?
Eve: Y-yes...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Eve: And that's what happened...
Chisato & Kanon: I see...
Chisato: You believed you were performing zanshin correctly, so after being critiqued by the kendo teacher, you've become confused.
Eve: Yes... This is the first time I've received this kind of guidance. Until now, sensei would just teach me what to do...
Kanon: Tea ceremony has zanshin too, but it's hard to convey the concept with words.
Chisato: I had it explained to me when I starred in a historical drama. However, I was still a child, so I didn't really understand it.
Saya: Umm... Sorry to interrupt, but I've never heard of this... zanshin... thing...
Himari: Me neither! Thank goodness~, I thought I was the only one who didn't know what it was~.
Tsugumi: A-ahaha. Actually, neither do I...
Kanon: Zanshin is written by combining the characters for "heart" and "keep." It's a term used in Japanese martial arts and performing arts.
Eve: In kendo, zanshin refers to staying alert and prepared even after you've made your move.
Saya, Tsugumi & Himari: ...?
Himari: Sorry, I'm still not quite getting it. Umm... Any examples?
Eve: M-my apologies... You see, when you are awarded a point in kendo, if you celebrate with a fist pump or anything like that, your win is revoked.
Himari: Whoa, seriously~?! But you won, didn't you?! In my tennis matches, I always scream "woohoo" or something like that.
Saya: ... Well, you can't really compare tennis and kendo.
Eve: Even if you win, you must remain ready for anything by maintaining an upright resting stance called kamae. That is zanshin. In my matches, I am always keeping this in mind...
Saya: Then what could the issue be...?
All: Hmm...
Eve: M-my apologies! Causing you all trouble like this is a dishonor to warriors everywhere...
Eve: This is clearly a crucial test for me to master the spirit of bushido. I need to pave my own way to find the answer. Even sensei said so. I am going to go train!
Saya: Wait a minute, Eve! Are you really going back to school at this hour?
Eve: Yes! Practicing my swing on my own might give me a clue to solving my problem!
Chisato: Eve-chan... please calm down. Practicing without an objective will not do you any good. You cannot rush these things.
Saya: That's right. We know you're anxious, but as they say, haste makes waste.
Eve: Th-that is true. I suppose... I am being a bit hasty.
Kanon: Why don't you take a short breather? You're already incredibly busy as is, Eve-chan.
Tsugumi: That's a good point. Maybe if you take a moment to refresh, you'll gain a new perspective into your problem.
Eve: Refresh? But what could I possibly do at a time like this...?
Saya: Well, you could eat something delicious or do some sight-seeing... How about enjoying the outdoors, Eve?
Himari: That sounds great~. You could do something like have a picnic in a field of flowers... Ah, that's it! Let's see, where's that website I was looking at earlier...?
Tsugumi: What is it, Himari-chan?
Himari: Here it is! Look at this!
Eve: Wow... What beautiful hydrangeas! There are so many as well. The whole field is covered.
Kanon: Oh, this is that hydrangea park two stations down from here. I've never been there, but it sure looks pretty~.
Himari: Apparently, the flowers are in peak season right now. This place is a huge hit on social media for being a great photo spot~! Hey, do you guys wanna go together?
Saya: Yeah, a stroll among the hydrangeas sounds like a great idea! How about this weekend, Eve?
Eve: I would love to go! I have this weekend off as well.
Saya: Kanon-senpai, Chisato-senpai, if you're free, would you like to come, too?
Chisato: Yes, of course. I don't have work, so I have time.
Kanon: I'm free as well. We have a break from band practice this weekend. How about you, Tsugumi-chan?
Tsugumi: I need to help out at the café, so I can't go... Sorry. I can't wait to see everyone's pictures, though. Enjoy the hydrangeas, Eve-chan.
Eve: Thank you! I will make sure to have a nice time and refresh my mind.
