event118-06 Chapter 5: Light Shines on the Hilltop

The girls take a break on a bench. They talk about their day over snacks.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Park Grounds - Roofed Bench]

Eve, Chisato & Kanon: ...
Saya & Himari: ...
Eve: What a soothing sound.
Chisato: Sometimes it’s nice to sit back and just listen to the pitter-patter of the rain.
Kanon: I feel completely recharged. Thanks for suggesting we come here, Saya-chan.
Saya: No need to thank me. Besides, Eve was the one who taught me about this in the first place.
Eve: Huh? I did?
Saya: Yeah, remember when we stayed at Kaoru-san's uncle's villa? You said you wanted to unwind by doing nothing, right? I really liked that way of thinking.
Kanon: That's such a lovely way to spend time. Simply relaxing in nature isn't something we get to do every day.
Eve: Yes. In Finland, summer is all about taking it easy. You simply relax while having tea or eating sweets...
Himari: That sounds nice~! Ah~, I'm getting kind of hungry!
Saya: Fufu, then it's time for snacks♪ Ta-dah~, hydrangea melon buns!
Eve: Aww... They’re so cute! These melon buns look just like hydrangeas.
Himari: So these were the mystery contents of the paper bag you were holding!
Saya: My dad showed me how to make them. I used purple sweet potato powder to match the flower's color. Please dig in, everyone♪
Chisato: The round hydrangea shape is a perfect fit for melon buns. This is a superb idea, Saya-chan.
Kanon: This bun here has a cute snail sitting on top. Ah, it's made of cookie dough.
Himari: Mmm~, it's tasty! You should sell this at the bakery~. I'd totally buy it!
Saya: Thank you~. Maybe I'll suggest it to my dad, fufufu.
Kanon: We have warm tea as well. I brought it to share with everyone.
Himari: Wow~! Thanks, Kanon-san!
Chisato: Fufu, looks like we're having a little picnic in the rain.
Eve: Yes, I am having a fantastic time...! Thank you for today, everyone. I feel totally refreshed and energized.
Saya: You're welcome♪ Although, I think I might be the one having the most fun.
Himari: Same here~! If we hadn't come today, I never would have seen these hydrangeas.
Kanon: I also enjoyed spending this rainy day with you all.
Chisato: Yes, I'm happy too. We saw some amazing sights.
Eve: The bright color gradations of the hydrangeas has filled me with positivity! I want to come again next year!
Kanon: Me too. Oh, maybe next year there will be different colors.
Eve: Huh? What do you mean?
Kanon: It was written on the park sign that the color of hydrangeas can change. A blue flower this year might be pink the year after.
Himari: Huh?! Really?! That's so weird~. Why's that?
Kanon: It has to do with the soil. As the qualities of the soil change, so do the hydrangea colors.
Chisato: I've heard about this before. When the soil is alkaline, the flowers turn red. When it's acidic, they're blue.
Himari: Whoa~! It's like a science experiment! I can't believe the soil has such a strong influence on them!
Saya: How the flower looks is determined by the roots we can't see.
Eve: Despite being the same plant, the flower color changes based on the soil... Ah, that's it!
Saya: Wh-what is it, Eve?
Eve: I think I understand zanshin now!
Saya: Oh, really?!
Himari: What do you mean? Tell us!
Eve: The most important thing is the soil around the roots!
Kanon: What...?
Eve: Until now, no matter who my opponent was, I was so focused on zanshin that I was repeating the same choreographed technique.
Eve: But... just as the hydrangea's color changes with the soil...
Eve: The feeling and mood in the air will change if I fully embrace my opponent! My form may be the same, but I need to take my opponent into account!
Chisato: Interesting... I think I understand what you're saying, Eve-chan.
Kanon: Zanshin in a tea ceremony is the same way. The making of the tea itself doesn't change, but the atmosphere of the room can differ greatly depending on the guest.
Eve: I cannot claim to truly know zanshin unless I properly acknowledge the influence of my opponent. I need to keep both my form and my opponent in my heart... That is zanshin!
Himari: Oh~! That's definitely it! I lost track of what you were saying half-way through, but if it's coming from you, Eve-chan, that's gotta be the answer!
Saya: Gosh, Himari, you don’t need to be that honest~. Fufufu.
Saya: Still, I'm happy for you. I can't say whether that's right or not, but it's great that you came up with your own answer, Eve.
Eve: Yes! It is all thanks to everyone being here today!
Eve: Earlier when Saya-san said things look different on a rainy day, I saw a shining light for just a brief moment.
Eve: I think that your words made me think the way I do now!
Saya: My words...? Come on, it's not that big of a deal! All we did was enjoy a walk in the rain with you, Eve.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Eve: That is exactly what I needed! Please let me hug you all!
Chisato: W-wait a second, Eve-chan.
Himari: Of course! Squeeze~!
Kanon: Hehehe, you're making me blush.
Chisato: Oh, Eve-chan...
Saya: Fufu, Good for you, Eve. Good luck with kendo♪
Eve: Thank you♪ Now, everyone~! Group hug~!
(White cut)
