event118-05 Chapter 4: Are You Relaxed?

Eve seems relaxed during their stroll. Saya calls out to her.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hydrangea Park - Top of the Hill]

Himari: Phew, we finally made it~. We climbed so many steps~.
Saya: Fufu, I really worked up a sweat. Still... the view from here is totally worth it~!
Eve: We are almost at the pond you mentioned, Himari-san.
Kanon: Oh, look, you can see the people walking up the stairs. When you look down from up here, their umbrellas look like colorful flowers.
Eve: Wow... You are right. We were also part of that queue of flowers a moment ago.
Chisato: Fufu, I suppose we really were walking with the flowers, weren't we?
Kanon: ...
Chisato: Kanon? You seem distracted. Is everything alright?
Kanon: Ah, sorry. The air up on this hill feels different. It smells of rain, so I was just breathing it all in...
Himari: Rain does smell unique, doesn't it~? I like it, too. I can even tell when it's about to rain from the smell in the air.
Saya: I know what you mean. It feels almost nostalgic, or maybe calming.
Kanon: Hey, why don't we all take some deep breaths together?
Eve: Sure! Let's do it.
All: Hoo... Ha... Hoo... Ha...
Kanon: Fufu, are you relaxing now, Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes! Breathing in this rainy scent has rejuvenated me down to my core.
Himari: It's like a rain detox.
Kanon: Hehe. Now that we feel refreshed from that deep breathing, let's head to the pond.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hydrangea Park - Pond at the Top of the Hill]

Himari: Whoa~. Look, everyone! The hydrangeas are floating on the pond! It's gorgeous~♪
Saya: Blue, purple, pink... The flowers scattered across the surface of the water look like stained glass. It's enough to make a girl swoon.
Kanon: It seems like the older flowers are picked and then set afloat here.
Kanon: The gently drifting flowers make me feel like we're in a fairy tale.. It's so magical...
Chisato: It certainly is picturesque.
Himari: Definitely! I better send a photo to the Afterglow girls♪
Saya: I'll send one to Poppin'Party too. I'm sure they'll love it~.
Saya: ... Huh? The rain...
Himari: Whoa, it's really coming down~. We need to find shelter...
Kanon: You're right. Oh, look, there's a bench over there with a roof. Let's take cover there and wait for the rain to let up.
Chisato: Kanon, don't rush, or you'll fall over. Watch your step.
Kanon: Th-thank you, Chisato-chan... Ah! Fue~!
Chisato: D-don't worry, Kanon. I brought a towel.
Himari: I have a handkerchief you can use too!
Eve: ...
Saya: What are you doing, Eve? If you stay here, you'll get soaked. Come on, we have to go...
Eve: Ah! Saya-san... I was just enjoying the smell of the rain and nature.
Saya: Fufu, so you're recharging your battery. And? Has the fresh air made a difference?
Eve: Yes, definitely! Saya-san, thank you for caring so much about me.
Saya: Oh, come on... You don’t need to thank me. I may not know much about kendo, but I'm always here if you need company.
Eve: Saya-san...
Saya: Ah, hey, look! The pond!
Eve: Hm? What is it?
Saya: The rain has created a white blanket of mist on the water. It was pretty before, but now it looks even more dreamy, don't you think?
Eve: Wow! It does!
Saya: I've got to capture this on camera!
Saya: Himari said we'd be able to take better photos if it was sunny, but there are also photos we can only take in the rain.
Saya: We got really lucky.
Eve: Hm? A photo that you can only take in the rain...
Saya: Hm? Is something wrong?
Eve: Ah, no... I think I was about to realize something about zanshin...
Saya: Huh? Really...?
Eve: For a split second, I caught a brief glimpse of it... But... I cannot exactly explain it in my own words yet...
Himari: Eve-chan~, Saya~, what are you doing~? You're gonna get soaked~.
Eve: Right! We are coming! Let's go, Saya-san.
