event118-01 Opening: Rain on Me

After school, Saya goes to see the kendo club. Eve's behavior seems different from usual...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Eve: Hyah... Men~!!
Kendo Club Advisor: Ippon! We have a winner! Wakamiya-san takes it by one point!
Eve: Huff...! Puff...!
Kendo Club Advisor: ... Match over. Bow to each other!
Eve: Thank you very much!
Eve: (That was a good match...! I think my kendo technique has improved... And I feel I am making progress toward reaching the bushido state of mind...!)
Eve: (I want to get even closer to being a true warrior...!)
Eve: Excuse me, sensei! How was my match today? I would like your feedback, please!
Kendo Club Advisor: ... Wakamiya-san. You are much stronger now than when you first started.
Eve: Yes! Thank you!
Kendo Club Advisor: ... However, there's one thing I've noticed...
Eve: Huh...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Saya: See you tomorrow. Phew, that wraps up my classroom duties for the day. What should I do now~...?
Saya: Hmm~... I can hardly go anywhere in this rain... Ah!
???: Eek!
Saya: Are you okay...? Oh, Kanon-senpai!
Kanon: I'm sorry...! Hm? Saya-chan. Oh dear, are you hurt?
Saya: No, I'm fine. What about you, Kanon-senpai?
Kanon: Yeah, I'm fine. Sorry... Chisato-chan just told me to watch out for the slippery floors too.
Chisato: Goodness. You scared me, Kanon. It's a good thing Saya-chan caught you. Thank you.
Saya: No problem. Sigh~... I wish we could do something about this rain.
Chisato: As do I. Perhaps we can make teru teru dolls?
Saya: That's a good idea. Actually, the other day Kasumi made a heap of teru teru dolls. Arisa was pretty annoyed because we had no idea what to do with them all.
Kanon: I can imagine Kasumi-chan getting carried away~.
Kanon: Kokoro-chan made a pile of them as well, so the Hello, Happy World! members hung them everywhere. But even then, there were still some left over...
Chisato: A pile by Kokoro-chan's standards must have been a mountain...
Saya: Oh, so that's why you gave me so many the other day. There wasn't enough room to hang them all at my place, so I took them to Arisa's basement...
Kanon: Are you by yourself today, Saya-chan? Where are the Poppin'Party girls?
Saya: I was on classroom duty today. The others had places to be, so I told them to go ahead without me.
Kanon: I see. We didn't have plans today either, so we were just talking about stopping by a café on the way home.
Saya: Sounds great. A relaxing cup of tea on a rainy day-
???: Hyah... Men!!
Kanon: Wow~... Such a loud voice. That came from the kendo club, right?
Chisato: You can hear the people in the gymnasium really well from here.
Saya: The kendo club seems like they're training really hard.
Chisato: Eve-chan told me they're on a tournament-winning streak. She was really happy about it.
Kanon: So Eve-chan has kendo club today~. You know, sometimes I wonder if there are actually three of her.
Chisato: Oh?
Kanon: You see, yesterday she performed at tea ceremony club, and before that was a presentation at flower arrangement club. Now, today she has kendo club... She really is amazing.
Saya: Hey, would you like to go and watch the kendo club? I kind of want to see Eve giving it her all...
Kanon: Good idea! I also want to see Eve-chan practicing kendo.
Chisato: Yes, I suppose we cannot let this opportunity pass us by. Shall we?
Saya: Awesome. We don't want to interrupt their practice, so let's just take a quick peek!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Saya: ... Aw~, that's a shame... The kendo club is packing up...
Kanon: Looks like practice has finished for today, and we just missed it...
Chisato: Huh? Eve-chan is...
Eve: ... Huh? Chisato-san? Kanon-san and Saya-san, too...! Everyone...!
Chisato: Oh? What's wrong, Eve-chan...? Your eyes are so red...
Eve: At this rate, I... I... will never reach true bushido...!
Saya, Chisato & Kanon: ...?!
Saya: Huh? Eve...? Did something happen?
