event118-03 Chapter 2: To the Hydrangea Park

Eve's worries won't go away. She decides to do something to cheer herself up.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Wakamiya Residence - Eve's Room]

Eve: Hmm... This book says, "Zanshin is the beautiful remnants of movement."
Eve: In the "Book of Bushido," it says zanshin means "to respect your opponent after your move and have empathy." I feel like the more I read, the less I understand...
Eve: Oh no, is it that late already? I must hurry up and go to bed. I do not want everyone worrying about me on our day out tomorrow... I need to cheer up...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Weekend]

[Two Stations Away - Outside]

Himari: We’re here~!
Eve: We have arrived... Yawn... Ah! P-pardon me! I did not mean to do that.
Saya: Ahaha, Eve, you have such a cute yawn♪ Oh, I should've taken a picture. Quick, do it again.
Eve: S-Saya-san, yawning is very embarrassing. Please do not point the camera at me~.
Chisato: Saya-chan, it seems you're still enjoying photography.
Saya: Yep. I'm going to take lots of pictures today, so be ready.
Himari: Your camera looks so professional, Saya~! I'll take loads of photos too, so let's compare shots later.
Saya: Sounds good~. I can't wait!
Himari: Hmm... It'd be easier to take good pictures if it was sunny though~.
Saya: Yeah, the forecast called for rain today. Oh, well. Nothing we can do about that.
Kanon: Eve-chan, you were yawning on the train as well. Did you have trouble sleeping last night?
Eve: A-actually... I was up late again thinking about zanshin...
Himari: I know the feeling~. When I've got something on my mind, those thoughts race around and around in your head.
Himari: Just the other day, I decided to go on a diet, but then I saw this brand new sweet at the convenience store. I spend the whole night trying to figure out whether I should try it or not.
Saya: Fufu, so what did you do?
Himari: I ended up eating it... But never mind that~! My point is, just put aside your troubles and have fun.
Chisato: I'm not sure about the relevance of that story, but Himari-chan is right. We came all the way here, so we should enjoy ourselves.
Kanon: Yes. Allow yourself to relax, at least for today.
Eve: Everyone... Thank you for your concerns! Okay. Today I shall focus on forgetting my problems and having fun!
Saya: ...
Himari: Then let's go... Huh? What?
Chisato: Oh dear, the rain... It's really coming down.
Saya: Ah, you're right. Walking through the hydrangeas in the rain, huh...? Actually, that doesn't sound bad at all. It fits the season, fufu.
Chisato: Yes, it might be quite nice. Hydrangeas glistening with raindrops... That sounds quite romantic. It looks like we all brought umbrellas too.
Eve: I brought my favorite one, so I will be okay!
Kanon: Wow, Eve-chan~. That's such an elegant traditional umbrella.
Eve: Thank you. This style is called a bull's eye design. I bought it brand new!
Himari: Whoa, Kanon-san, your rain boots are really cute too! I love the jellyfish logo~!
Kanon: Hehehe, I spotted these in a shop and bought them without a second thought. I was actually hoping it might rain today so I could wear them for the first time.
Saya: Yeah. Those are good ways to enjoy the rainy days. You can't use your special umbrella or rain boots if the weather's nice.
Eve: Yes. I am sure the umbrella and rain boots are in high spirits for their first battle!
Kanon: Fufu, I'm sure they are.
Himari: Hey, Saya, I've been wondering this since we first met up, but what's in that bag you're holding?
Saya: Oh, this? I brought snacks to share with everyone. It's just something for you to look forward to.
Eve: Wow... I cannot wait!
Himari: Now then, to the hydrangea park we go! I've already looked up the route to the park on my phone, so follow me♪
Eve: Yes! Time for battle!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hydrangea Park]

Eve: Wow... It is beautiful! I have never seen so many hydrangeas before...!
Himari: Amazing! They reach all the way to the top of the hill!
Kanon: The mist from the rain makes it look quite magical.
Chisato: Yes, the rain-dappled hydrangeas look so vibrant. They really do fit the season, just like Saya-chan said.
Saya: Fufu, I'm glad you think so.
Himari: Still, this place is really something. It's more like a hill of hydrangeas than a park.
Kanon: Well, it said on that sign that this park has ten thousand bushes of over one hundred species of hydrangeas!
Saya, Eve, Chisato & Himari: T-ten thousand...!
Eve: That is extraordinary...!
Chisato: I didn't know that many species of hydrangeas existed...
Kanon: Also, it seems they're holding various festivities here. They even sell hydrangea seedlings and candy.
Saya: Oh~, they sell hydrangea seedlings, huh? I wonder if Arisa would like one as a souvenir.
Eve: I bet she would love one! We will have to visit the stall later.
Himari: Hey, I read on the website that the pond at the top of the hill is spectacular! We should make our way to the top while we walk around~.
Saya, Eve, Himari & Chisato: Okay! Alright.
