event118-07 Ending: Sunshine After the Rain

A few days later, Saya and the others go to check on Eve. The Eve they find is...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Eve: Hyah... Men!!
Kendo Club Advisor: Ippon! We have a winner! Wakamiya-san takes it by one point!
Eve: Huff... Puff...
Kendo Club Advisor: Match over. Bow to each other!
Eve: Thank you very much.
Kendo Club Advisor: Wakamiya-san, it seems you've figured it out.
Eve: Yes, sensei!
Kendo Club Advisor: I'm glad you were able to find the answer by yourself, Wakamiya-san... Perhaps I was too strict on you the other day.
Eve: No, I believe it was necessary. This experience has opened my eyes to many new things. And it is all thanks... to the hydrangeas.
Kendo Club Advisor: Huh? Hydrangeas?
Eve: Oh, it is nothing! I look forward to your continued coaching!
(Black cut)

[After Practice]

Saya: Eve, good job today.
Eve: Everyone! Were you watching my training?
Kanon: Yes. We snuck in quietly. You looked so cool, Eve-chan.
Chisato: You were practicing hard, Eve-chan. Looks like the conclusion you came to was correct, after all.
Eve: Yes! I learned something very important. Zanshin involves considering the other person...
Chisato: After our outing, I also thought about what zanshin is to me, and I think it's like performing music.
Saya: Does performing involve zanshin too?
Chisato: Yes. Our bands perform the same songs countless times, correct?
Chisato: The song lyrics and melody never change, but every time we perform, we pour our hearts out to the audience and influence them greatly.
Eve: I see what you mean now! You are right!
Kanon: Yes, that makes sense. It's the same in a tea ceremony.
Kanon: My feelings towards my guest heavily influence how I make their tea.
Eve: Zanshin is... leaving space in your heart for someone while performing an action. Feelings or technique alone are not enough... Both are needed.
Saya: Oh, when you put it that way, I've felt the same thing at the bakery.
Eve: Huh?! You have?!
Saya: When I'm feeling down, I think the customers can tell, even if I'm serving them the same way as before...
Saya: That's why I make sure to be in a happy mood when I help out... Ah, maybe that's different.
Eve: No, that is also a splendid example of zanshin! You are still leaving space in your heart while performing an action! In your case, that action is greeting and dealing with customers!
Kanon: If you think about it, you can find zanshin in many places.
Chisato: That's right. Changing your point of view can lead to many discoveries.
Eve: Zanshin can be found in our bands, tea ceremony, and even in a bakery. So this must mean all paths lead to bushido!
Chisato: Eve-chan... I'm not sure that's right...
Eve: Nonetheless! This experience has taught me that I still have a long road ahead of me if I wish to master bushido. However...
Eve: That realization has made me love kendo even more. I shall continue pursuing bushido!
Saya: Yeah, that's fantastic♪ Looks like you're back to your regular self.
Eve: Fufu, it is thanks to all of you. Having you all by my side is why I can continue chasing after the bushido way!
Eve: With that bushido spirit, I will protect everyone!
Chisato: We're counting on you, Eve-chan.
Eve: Okay!
Kanon: Now then, would you all like to go to a café together? I heard from Tsugumi-chan that Hazawa Coffee is offering a new cake for a limited time.
Saya: Sure, let's go.
Eve: Yes! I want to tell Himari-san and Tsugumi-san the news!
Chisato: Good idea, we should invite Himari-chan.
Eve: Then off we go!
Chisato: Come now, Eve-chan, you're still in your kendo uniform. Quickly, go get changed.
Eve: Hehehe... Pardon me! I will go change, so please wait here!
(White cut)
