event194-05 Chapter 4: Fishing Master

Some of the girls want to rest, but Toko still has energy. Nanami has an idea.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Forest - Mountain Stream]

Nanami: Mm~, that was fun~.
Mashiro: We swam so much. I think I'm a little tired.
Tsukushi: Me too. Why don't we take a rest when we get back to the camp?
Toko: Oh come on, we're just getting started! We still haven't enjoyed the "c" in "camping!"
Mashiro: Umm... What does that mean?
Rui: Do not ask me.
Nanami: Hmm, most of you want to rest, but Toko-chan wants to play...
Nanami: In that case, why don't we go fishing? My papa said there's a spot nearby that lends out fishing rods and the like.
Nanami: Fishing should be fun and relaxing, so wouldn't that be perfect?
Toko: Nanami~, that's an awesomely great idea! Let's catch the king of the river! I bet it'll be huge~!
Mashiro: Will we be able to catch anything...? Have you guys gone fishing before?
Toko: Nope! But I kinda get the feeling that I'll be able to catch loads! Plus we can just look up how to fish on our phones!
Rui: As I have said, phones are unusable here.
Toko: Ah, that's right! Sigh... And I've got so many pics I wanna upload to my social media~.
Nanami: Now now, we haven't been able to use them for a while anyway, so there's no use in making a fuss about it.
Nanami: In fact, knowing that we can't use them has me even more fired up~!
Mashiro: That gets you fired up...?
Nanami: Yeah! It's like being out in the wilderness has awakened my wild side.
Nanami: Let's give it a try, you guys. The campground manager releases fish regularly, so I don't think it should be that hard.
Toko: Is that so~? Then it should be a cinch~!
Rui: While I do not know if it will be that simple, if what you say is true, then even amateurs such as ourselves should have a chance.
Tsukushi: Yeah! We can do it!
Toko: Then it's settled! Just you wait, king of the river! I'll catch you in no time~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Campground - Fishing Spot]

Toko: ... Nothing's biting at all!
Rui: Kirigaya-san, you will cause the fish to flee, so please do not speak so loudly.
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, how many times have you said that now? You've been saying the same thing this whole time.
Nanami: That was the fifth time in the past thirty minutes~.
Toko: I mean, come on! I thought I'd be able to catch a fish in a flash, but I haven't caught anything at all. Are there actually any fish in this river?
Mashiro: Surely there are. See? Over there... There are fish swimming around.
Tsukushi: You're right! If we move our fishing rods around like this, do you think they'll come closer?
Rui: The fishing hook will catch on the riverbed, so it would be best to refrain from doing so.
Toko: Nanami~, isn't there anything you can do~? Use your new wild side to, like... do something cool!
Tsukushi: There you go again asking for the impossible... Can't you see you're causing her trouble?
Nanami: Hrm~... Ah, in that case, do you want to try scattering bait?
Mashiro: What's that?
Rui: As the phrase would suggest, it is where you scatter bait into the ocean or river and attract fish to you. There are no other people around, so why not give it a try?
Toko: I knew there was a good method we could use~. Nanami, go for it!
Nanami: Okay~. Shiro-chan, could you hand me that box with the bait in it?
Mashiro: What...? Y-you're asking me? I'm sorry, that might be too much for me... I don't think I can even touch it... Tsukushi-chan, can you do it?
Tsukushi: I guess I don't mind... Mashiro-chan, your face kind of says that it'd be physically impossible for you.
Mashiro: Well, fish bait is just so gross... Ngh... I just remembered how squishy it felt...
Nanami: Now to scoop out the bait~... Here I go~. Yah.
Toko: C'mon! C'mere river king!
Tsukushi: Do you think the fish will come over...? Ah! The bait's getting swept further away...!
Toko: No, wait, stoppp~!
Nanami: ... It's gone...
Rui: We neglected to factor in the river current.
Mashiro: ... Oh? Hey, you guys... Aren't there a lot of fish over there?
Tsukushi: ...! You're right! There are lots of them in the shade of the tree on the other side!
Rui: As I recall, it is said that fish have the habit of gathering in dark places rather than light ones.
Toko: Tell us that sooner~! That means if I cast my line over there, I'll get a great haul! Get ready, river king~!
Tsukushi: I'll try that spot too! Hiya~...!
Nanami: Shiro-chan, Rui-rui, hurry and join us!
Mashiro: I think... I'll pass. If I reel in my line, I'll have to put bait on it again. I don't think I want to deal with that squishiness again...
Nanami: Then I'll put it on for you. So let's fish over there together~.
Mashiro: Really? In that case... I'll reel in my line right now. Up we go...
Mashiro: ...! Wh-what is this? Ahhh, s-something's pulling my rod~...
Tsukushi: Huh? What? What's wrong?!
Rui: It would appear that a fish has in fact taken the bait on Kurata-san's line.
Toko: Good job, Shiro! Don't let it get away~. Reel in that river king!
Mashiro: I can't~. Ngh~, it's too strong.
Nanami: Shiro-chan, I'll help you...!
Tsukushi & Toko: Me too! Me three!
Nanami: Pull on three! One, two, three...!
Mashiro: Hngh~!
Nanami & Tsukushi: You caught it!
Toko: Way to go, Shiro! This fish is super huge! Could this be the king of the river?
Mashiro: I... caught this...?
Tsukushi: That's right! Fufu, the rest of us will have to try and keep up.
Mashiro: ...
Toko: By the way, it's really flopping around a lot. Shiro, hurry and unhook the king.
Mashiro: What? B-but it's creepy. Will you get it off for me?
Toko: No way. I can't touch fish either.
Mashiro: Wh-what~...?
Rui: ... It would seem I have caught a fish as well.
Toko: Seriously?! I'm gonna lose to Rui!
Nanami: Fufu, it'd be great if all of us can catch something~. Let's do our best~. Yeah~!
