event194-03 Chapter 2: Nature, Nature Everywhere

The girls arrive at the campsite. Surrounded by nature, their excitement grows.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Campground]

Nanami & Toko: We're here~!
Toko: Mountains! Rivers! Forests! We're totally out in the wild...!
Toko: And there's a bunch of cicadas chirping! It's so crazy how loud they are!
Nanami: Toko-chan! There are some really large butterflies flying over that way.
Toko: You're right! Oh, there's a super huge one over here too!
Nanami: What...? I think that's a moth.
Toko: A moth?! Do moths get that big? How wild is that?!
Mashiro: ...
Rui: Kurata-san, what is the matter?
Mashiro: I've never seen a mountain this close up before, so I'm kind of overwhelmed...
Mashiro: Look. The peak is hidden by the clouds. It's like the mountain's wearing a hat.
Rui: Those are large cumulonimbus clouds. I hope it does not rain.
Tsukushi: Okay! Gather around, everyone! First, let's unload our luggage.
Toko: Let's take a picture before that! To remember our arrival in the mountains!
Nanami: Agreed~! Everyone, get in close to Toko-chan~. Ah, I'll be on the edge~.
Mashiro: Um, like this?
Toko: Looking good! All that's left is to get the mountains in the shot~... Okay, here we go~!
(White cut)
Nanami: Wow, that looks great~. Toko-chan, send it to us too!
Toko: Okay~. I'll post it to the group chat right now... H-huh? It's not sending!
Rui: I told you in the car that this area would have no service, did I not?
Mashiro: If I remember correctly, we went out of range once we got into the mountains.
Toko: Ah~, that's right... But I always post pics as soon as I take them~.
Toko: Hrm~, c'mon! Come to me, signal~!
Toko: ... I-it's not working~.
Nanami: Toko-chan, you look like you're praying for the rain to come~.
Rui: While I had predicted this, not being able to use our phones seems like it will come with a variety of inconveniences.
Tsukushi: Yeah. We won't be able to look up anything... Not being able to do something so normal is kind of unsettling.
Nanami: But isn't that exciting?
Mashiro: Huh? I-I don't know.
Rui: There is no use in continuing to discuss something that we cannot use. Let us unload the luggage and begin camp preparations.
Tsukushi: You're right. If we don't get it done while the sun's still out, we'll probably be in for a hard time.
Toko: Aw~, we can do that later. Let's go swimming first! Summer days are as long as the sash on my grandma's kimono, so it'll be fine!
Nanami's Dad: That's an interesting comparison~. Sure, go ahead. I'll prepare the campsite.
Nanami's Dad: You'll find a mountain stream if you go through that forest over there for a little bit. You should go for a swim there.
Toko: Yay! You're super awesome!
Tsukushi: Are you sure it's okay...?
Nanami's Dad: It's your summer vacation after all, so it'd be a waste if you didn't enjoy it. Go on and get your fill of swimming.
Tsukushi: I see... Thank you very much! We'll take you up on the offer then.
Nanami: Well then, should we head over? Let's go, you guys~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Forest - Mountain Stream]

Mashiro: Wow... It's like a lake from a fantasy world. There could even be fairies hiding somewhere.
Nanami: It's kind of magical~. The water's so clear and pretty~.
Toko: Whoa, there's a waterfall! The spray is intense! And there's a rainbow appearing over there.
Rui: There appear to be several families here as well.
Nanami: Everyone looks like they're having fun~. It's a good thing we brought a beach ball too.
Tsukushi: ... Hey, Rui-san. This stream has to be deep, right?
Rui: ...? I believe you can tell just by looking, but I imagine your feet would not reach the bottom the farther you go.
Tsukushi: R-right...
Rui: I will be resting near the rocks over there. I shall watch over our belongings, so why not go for a swim?
Toko: I was planning to anyway! I'm gonna be the first one in the water~!
Nanami: Toko-chan, no fair~! I'm coming too!
Tsukushi: Ah, wait! We have to do warm-up exercises...!
Toko: Yahooo~!
Nanami: Whoa, it's so chilly~! Ahaha~!
Tsukushi: C-c'mon~! Mashiro-chan, let's make sure we actually warm up.
Toko: Mm~, this feels so awesome~! Hurry up, you two! This is seriously the best!
Nanami: Hey, Toko-chan. Wanna compete to see who can dive the deepest?
Toko: Oh. Now you've done it. You know I'm not called "Toko the Diver" for nothing, right~?
Nanami: Fu, fu, fu. You'll have to beat "Hiromachi the Diver" first if you want that title~.
Nanami & Toko: Ready? Go...!
Mashiro: Fufu. Those two look like they're having fun. We finished warming up, so let's join them, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: About that, uh~... I actually think I'll pass. I guess you could say I've kind of lost the desire to go swimming...
Tsukushi: H-hey, I know! Why don't we play in the shallows? If we go out that way, it'll be dangerous since our feet won't reach the bottom.
Mashiro: Would it? We have swim rings, so I think it would be fine... Ah.
Mashiro: Come to think of it... you don't swim too well, do you? You even used a kickboard at the school pool.
Tsukushi: Ngh... Th-that's right. I hate it when my feet can't reach the bottom.
Tsukushi: They said it was a river, so I didn't think it'd be this deep...
Tsukushi: So I'll pass. Why don't you go with them, Mashiro-chan? I'll be playing around in the shallows.
Mashiro: ... Then I guess I'll stick to the shallows too.
Mashiro: I'm a little tired from the ride out here. Let's wade around together, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan... Okay, thanks.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
