event194-06 Chapter 5: Lit by the Firelight

As the sun sets in the mountains, the girls prepare for their last activity.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Campground]

Nanami: ... Toko-chan, you ready?
Toko: Leave it to me~. I'll make quick work of this.
Nanami: I'm lighting the newspaper~...
Toko: Ohh, it's burning, it's burning!
Nanami: The flame's getting nice and big~. Now then... Toko-chan!
Toko: Gotcha! Just gotta put the charcoal on the fire... There.
Nanami & Toko: ...
Nanami: Ah...! The charcoal caught fire!
Toko: That means...
Nanami & Toko: We succeeded in making a fire~!
Nanami: We did it! All that's left to do is add firewood, and then our mission will be complete~.
Toko: Okay, let's get cracking!
Nanami: Right.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan~, Toko-chan~. How is it? Are things going well?
Toko: Fu, fu, fu, feast your eyes~. Ta-dah!
Tsukushi: Wow, you actually got it started! That's amazing!
Nanami: It was tough~. We failed a couple of times, after all.
Toko: We tried to light the charcoal directly with a camping lighter, but it wouldn't catch fire at all.
Tsukushi: Huh? You didn't use the firelighter Nanami-chan's father gave us?
Nanami: Fu, fu, fu. That's because my wild side keeps getting stronger and stronger~.
Toko: My wild side is totally getting up there too! In fact, why don't we have a competition to see who can start a fire first?
Tsukushi: There's nothing to start a fire with anyway. We've finished preparing the food, so help us carry it.
Nanami: Yay~, food~. I'm starving~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
All: Thank you for the food~!
Nanami's Dad: Sure, dig in.
Mashiro: Wow~, this fish meunière is so good.
Nanami: Mhm, the amount of salt is perfect and the butter fragrance is exquisite~.
Rui: The paella is delicious as well. Its color scheme is beautiful.
Nanami's Dad: Hahaha, I'm glad to hear that. It was worth the effort it took to make it.
Toko: This curry is super great too! Fusuke, your mom taught you the recipe for this, right?
Tsukushi: That's right! Her curry is the best in the world! Have as much as you want.
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan, do you normally cook? When we were making the curry together, I was surprised by how skilled you were.
Rui: Indeed. Your directions for each step were very precise.
Nanami: So you're not only skilled in making sweets, but regular food too. That's just what I'd expect from you, Tsu-chan.
Tsukushi: Fufu, that's right. I'm amazing!
Tsukushi: My mother's been teaching me a lot since I was little, after all. So you guys can keep praising me!
Toko: Hmm~. You can't swim, but you're pretty terrific!
Tsukushi: You didn't need to say anything about swimming!
Toko: What about you, Nanami? What were you like when you were little?
Tsukushi: I'd like to hear about that too! Please tell us, what was she like?
Nanami: W-we don't need to talk about that~. There's nothing interesting to say~.
Nanami's Dad: Let me think~... She was one of those kids that really loved painting.
Nanami's Dad: You were always grinning when you got in front of a canvas, weren't you?
Nanami: ... I don't remember.
Nanami's Dad: Really? Don't you remember the first time you went into the atelier?
Nanami's Dad: You were practically over the moon seeing all the different paintings... You kept telling your mom how amazing they all were.
Nanami: What~? Did that really happen~?
Tsukushi: Ah~, you're pretending like you don't remember.
Mashiro: Nanami-chan, your face is beet red.
Nanami: N-no it isn't~.
Nanami's Dad: Since then, whenever she had the time, she'd go into the atelier to paint, even though no one had taught her how to.
Nanami's Dad: I imagine that back then she wasn't even concerned about how to paint well.
Nanami's Dad: She just wanted to fill up the pure white canvas with a bunch of colors... That's probably what you were thinking, right?
Nanami: Ngh~. Papa, you talk too much~...
Nanami's Dad: Now now. To tell you the truth, whenever Naa-chan's been painting recently, I've gotten a similar impression to the one I had back then...
Nanami: I told you~, that's enough~.
Mashiro: Fufu. That's kinda cute of you, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Shiro-chan~... Ugh~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
