event194-01 Opening: Summer Break Planning

Summer break. The girls are practicing when Toko makes a suggestion.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Toko: Agh~, I can't take it~!
Nanami: T-Toko-chan? What's wrong...?
Toko: No, no, no! We can't keep going on like this!
Tsukushi: Come on~, we won't know what you're talking about unless you actually tell us!
Toko: Shiro, what break are we on right now?
Mashiro: Um... a break from band practice?
Toko: True, but that's not what I mean! We're on summer break right now!
Toko: It's summer break, and we've done nothing but practice! That's totally not good!
Rui: What is it that you are trying to say? Please summarize your main points.
Toko: What. I'm. Saying. Is~. If we don't make the most of it, then it'd be rude to our summer break!
Nanami: Ah, I get it. Toko-chan, you want to have some fun~.
Toko: Right! So with that said, why don't we all go somewhere?
Tsukushi: Oh, so that's what you meant. That might be a good idea though. We really have done nothing but practice lately.
Mashiro: We held our training camp at school as soon as the break started, so there's hardly been a day we weren't practicing.
Nanami: So, where should we go? I'd personally like to go on a little trip with all of you~.
Rui: I am against that idea.
Toko: What~? You're such a killjoy~.
Rui: Everyone, do you remember our goal for the summer?
Toko: Of course we remember! It's that thing, you know! Um, it's... Nanami, you tell her!
Nanami: It's "to join a bunch of concerts and rock out like crazy!" Right~?
Toko: Yeah, yeah! We're gonna put on super legendary performances for every show!
Tsukushi: I don't know about super legendary, but we have to impress everyone at next week's concert first!
Rui: In that case, is there not something we must do?
Mashiro: Practice...?
Rui: Correct. We must perfect our songs to a satisfactory level for all of our performances.
Rui: We do not have time to mess around.
Nanami: Aw~, let's have some fun~. We need to take a breather every once in a while~.
Nanami: Remember how we set off fireworks during our training camp at school? And how that helped Shiro-chan come up with the lyrics for our new song?
Mashiro: Yeah. I wasn't able to picture anything before then, but once we were having fun together, I was able to see the world so clearly.
Toko: The fireworks were seriously a blast!
Tsukushi: It was so refreshing. And the next day, we were able to really focus on practicing.
Nanami: See? We really do need breathers. Let's go have some fun so we can perform well in our concerts over the summer break~.
Rui: That is illogical. However... it is true that the efficacy of our practices increased after the fireworks.
Rui: ... Very well. But in exchange, it shall only be once. We will dedicate the remainder of our summer vacation to practicing.
Nanami: Thank you, Rui-rui~!
Toko: Okay, let's get back to deciding where to go! Nanami, you wanted to go on a little trip, right?
Nanami: Yeah! I was giving it some thought, but what do you think about going to the ocean or a pool?
Mashiro: Huh...?
Toko: Yeah~. You definitely can't skip out on going to the ocean or the pool during summer vacation! Right, Shiro~?
Mashiro: Um, maybe we could go somewhere else...?
Mashiro: It's just that there would be a lot of people, and wearing a bathing suit is kind of embarrassing...
Toko: You're worried about that kinda thing? It'll be fine! The spots I always go to are hardly ever crowded.
Toko: I'm pretty sure I've got pics in this folder... Look! This is the ocean, and this is the pool! What'd I tell you? There's hardly anyone there, right?
Mashiro: Here in this picture, is that a... cabin cruiser?! And this pool here is on top of a building...
Mashiro: I could never go to a place this fancy~. I'd get so nervous it would make my stomach ache...
Toko: Huh? Why?!
Tsukushi: I'm not so sure about the ocean or the pool either...
Rui: In that case, would a different location not be better? Anywhere will do so long as you go out, correct?
Toko: No way! Not swimming during summer is as ridiculous as not adding whipped cream to an iced latte!
Nanami: I'd also like to go swimming, but if they don't want to... Oh. What about the mountains? We could go swimming in a river!
Nanami: My papa goes camping a lot, so I think he knows of a nice river that doesn't get too crowded.
Toko: That's a great idea! Shiro, Fusuke, the two of you'd be okay with that, right?
Mashiro: But mountains have a lot of bugs, don't they...?
Nanami: I'll ask my papa about some effective bug repellent too~.
Mashiro: Well, in that case...
Tsukushi: Hrm~... Alright. I think I'm okay with going if it's a river.
Toko: Then it's settled! In that case, let's go camping too! We can have a barbecue~.
Nanami: Nice! Then let's plan our schedule right away~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: ... Papa, sorry to bother you when you're working. There's something I want to ask you.
Nanami: You see, my friends and I are going to take a trip out to a river, so...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
