event194-07 Ending: Encouraged by the Moonlight

The day is ending. Their stomachs full, the girls share their thoughts.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Campground]

Nanami: Sigh~, I'm stuffed. Thanks for the meal~.
Tsukushi: Yes, thank you! Fufu, the spit-roasted fish was so good~.
Toko: Nanami and I were the ones who started the fire, so you better believe it'd be good!
Nanami: I guess this is the end of our camping trip though~. It kind of flew right by.
Tsukushi: I think we did a lot in a single day. I'd never swum that fast before, but it felt so good!
Nanami: Mhm. We also caught a bunch of fish and cooked loads of food. We really enjoyed being teenagers~!
Toko: You said it~. We really did well without our phones. It felt like my wild side came bursting out!
Rui: I am relieved that you all seem to have been able to relax. Now then, let us clean up.
Rui: We have band practice tomorrow, and I would like to make it home before it becomes too late.
Tsukushi: We've got a concert next week too! We have to do our best.
Toko: Don't even sweat it! Now that our wild sides have awakened, we'll drive the crowds super crazy! Right, Shiro?
Mashiro: I don't know if my wild side has awakened... but sure. I hope that happens in whatever concerts we take part in during our summer vacation.
Nanami: We've done quite a lot of concerts already though.
Rui: Yes. I believe we have been able to gain a variety of experiences.
Nanami: Lately, aside from The Super TOKO Collection, the one thing that's been somewhat different from normal was the Blue Sky Band Contest.
Tsukushi: I know what you mean! We hadn't competed against other bands in a concert like that before.
Rui: True... It made me recall my violin contests for the first time in ages.
Rui: How our music would be judged...
Rui: I could not help but be mindful of that. But once I stood on stage, it did not alter my concentration.
Toko: But it felt great, right? It was like we were saying, "This is our music!"
Mashiro: To be honest, I was able to see a shining world from that stage too.
Mashiro: But it was not quite the same as the one I saw at CiRCLE... That's kind of how I felt.
Nanami: ... Say, why don't we take part in another contest-style event?
Mashiro: Huh?
Nanami: How much we've grown since the Blue Sky Band Contest... How much better we've become...
Nanami: What people will feel when they hear our music now... I'm curious to find out.
Toko: Nanami... That is a seriously great idea!
Tsukushi: Yeah, let's do it! I want to find out too!
Mashiro: Right... I'm a little scared, but I'd be so happy if I could see a sparkling world from that stage too.
Rui: I have no objection to participating.
Rui: However, I will not be able to give my approval should it become a distraction from the concerts scheduled during summer vacation.
Toko: Are you kidding me? We'll obviously be giving the hottest shows on every single stage!
Tsukushi: Why don't we start searching as soon as we get home?
Nanami: Okay.
(Black cut)

[Before Going Home]

Tsukushi: Is everyone ready~?
Toko: Not yet~! My stuff still won't fit in my bag at all~!
Tsukushi: I guess we don't have a choice then~. We'll help you! Let's go, Rui-san.
Rui: ... I believe you are coddling Kirigaya-san too much.
Mashiro: ...
Nanami: Shiro-chan~. What're you doing?
Mashiro: Nanami-chan. Look... Over there.
Nanami: Wow~, the mountains are sparkling. They must be reflecting the moonlight~.
Mashiro: They're nothing like during the day... I guess mountains have all sorts of different looks to them.
Nanami: Fufu, today alone we made so many discoveries.
Mashiro: Yeah... I didn't know fishing was that hard... And the bait was so squishy...
Nanami: Ahaha, you're still going on about that~.
Mashiro: Still... I was so happy when I reeled in that fish with all of you.
Mashiro: When I realized that I was the one who caught it, my heart raced for the longest time.
Nanami: That got me excited too~. It made me want to catch my own fish.
Mashiro: Was it just the fishing...? I think you were excited the entire day.
Nanami: Ahaha, I guess I was. My heart was pounding all day.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: I always look up the things I don't know on my phone right away, but today I wasn't able to do such a given thing.
Nanami: It felt kind of freeing. And it made me want to try everything with our newfound freedom today.
Nanami: Almost like when I sit in front of a pure white canvas.
Nanami: I felt the way I do when I'm choosing which paint to use or when I'm painting freely.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Fufu. I might get hooked on this feeling. Right now, I feel like saying I'll try anything~.
Mashiro: I'd probably... get scared. It feels better knowing the right thing to do.
Mashiro: But I think I also kind of understand what you mean.
Mashiro: When we started the band, I had no idea what to do... but I was able to make it this far with all of you.
Mashiro: There was a lot that I was worried about, but there was just as much fun waiting for us.
Mashiro: That's why, right now, I really want to know what kind of new paths lie ahead of us.
Nanami: Shiro-chan. Let's do our best in that contest-style concert.
Mashiro: Yeah... But we'll need to work hard for our summer vacation concerts first.
Nanami: Of course! Now that we've awakened our wild sides, no one will be able to stop us~!
Mashiro: Fufu, you're acting a little like Toko-chan.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan, Mashiro-chan, we're leaving~.
Nanami: Okay~. Shiro-chan, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
