event194-02 Chapter 1: Naa-chan

The day of the trip. The girls meet Nanami's dad for the first time.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Station Entrance]

Mashiro & Toko & Rui & Tsukushi: Thank you for your help today!
Nanami's Dad: Sure, glad I can help.
Nanami: Let's have lots of fun today, you guys~!
Toko: Oh man~, I can't believe this~. To think that Nanami's dad was already planning on going camping!
Mashiro: The campground seems far, so we are lucky he agreed to take us with him.
Tsukushi: Um, sir. Thank you for always letting us use your atelier.
Tsukushi: I haven't introduced myself yet. I'm Nanami-chan's friend-
Nanami's Dad: You're Tsukushi Futaba-chan, right?
Tsukushi: Oh?
Nanami's Dad: You're Mashiro Kurata-chan, and you're Toko Kirigaya-chan. And I suppose you must be Rui Yashio-chan.
Mashiro: How do you know our names...?
Nanami's Dad: Naa-chan talks about you often. She's always showing me pictures.
Nanami: ...!
Nanami's Dad: So, naturally, I memorized your names and faces. Thank you for always being so kind to my Naa-chan.
Nanami: P-Papa. Come on~. You promised me you wouldn't say anything weird~.
Mashiro: Nanami-chan, so your dad calls you Naa-chan.
Toko: Yeah~. Should we start calling her that too?
Nanami: There's no need for that~.
Toko: Aw~, come on~. Just for a little bit!
Tsukushi: Fufu. Toko-chan, don't tease her.
Nanami's Dad: Ah, I nearly forgot. I have something I want to give all of you... Here you are.
Mashiro: Wow, little animals... How cute.
Rui: Are these... carved wood sculptures?
Nanami's Dad: Yeah. They're from my palm-sized animal series. I just happened to have enough for four people, so I thought I'd give them to you all as a present.
Tsukushi: Are you sure it's okay? You're a sculptor, aren't you? These must be precious pieces...
Nanami's Dad: I made those to relax while taking a break from my work, so it's fine. I make tons of these sorts of things.
Mashiro: Working during breaks to relax...
Tsukushi: That's kind of amazing.
Toko: More importantly, isn't this super cool? Like, seriously wild! A dog with a fish cake in its mouth is so funny!
Nanami: Um... I think that's probably a bear.
Toko: No way. No matter how you look at it, it's gotta be a dog.
Nanami's Dad: Naa-chan's right, it's a bear. And by the way, that's a Swiss roll in its mouth.
Toko: Wait, seriously? It doesn't look like a bear at all.
Tsukushi: Hey, Toko-chan! You're being rude.
Nanami's Dad: Hahaha, it's fine, it's fine. If it looks like a bear, it's a bear. And if it looks like a dog, it's a dog. And if the snack looks like a fish cake, then that's what it is.
Nanami's Dad: I've got an idea. Why don't you try guessing another animal? Anyone that gets it right will also get one of my palm-sized vehicle serie-
Nanami: Papa, that's enough! Let's get going.
Nanami's Dad: Hm? Yes, I suppose you're right. I've parked the camper van over there, so why don't we head over?
Mashiro & Toko & Tsukushi: Okay~!
Nanami: Sigh~...
Rui: ...
Nanami: ...? What's the matter, Rui-rui?
Rui: I merely find it somewhat curious.
Rui: When we first visited your atelier, you did not want us to meet your family, correct?
Nanami: Ah~, now that you mention it, that did happen.
Rui: And yet, we are now meeting your father. Did you experience a change of heart?
Nanami: Hmm~, it's nothing as major as that...
Nanami: In the beginning, I wasn't sure if I should introduce him to all of you.
Nanami: I mean, my papa is kinda weird, right?
Rui: ... He is certainly a unique father.
Nanami: That's putting it lightly~. But worrying about that started feeling silly.
Rui: What do you mean?
Nanami: Because I knew it would be okay for all of you to meet him. I'm not sure about other people, but I knew you guys would be fine.
Nanami: That's why I decided to have him to take us camping~.
Rui: I see...
Nanami: It's rare for you to take an interest in something like that though.
Nanami: Ah... Were you worried about me?
Rui: That is not the case.
Nanami: Is that so~? Fufu, I'll take your word for it.
Rui: ... I do not know if it is due to Kirigaya-san's influence, but you have also stopped paying heed to what people say.
Nanami: I really admire her, after all~.
Rui: Let us go. We are keeping the others waiting.
Nanami: Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
