event123-05 Chapter 4: Rush! Rush! Rush!

After learning the guitar from Kaoru and the others, Toko has a shocking revelation...!

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya)

[Park]

Sayo: I see... So you have also been learning how to play the guitar from Seta-san.
Toko: Yeah, Kaoru-san's so amazing! She can play properly even while doing really flashy moves and dancing around so much!
Toko: That's why I've been having her help me come up with some moves for our song!
Kaoru: Fufu, to be drawn to fleetingness is fate.
Toko: And I don't really get it myself, but it's easier to play when I do the moves she's taught me.
Sayo: You have an easier time playing when you incorporate her movements...
Sayo: I see...! I have finally solved the mystery!
Misaki: Huh? What mystery?
Sayo: Well, you see...
(Black cut)
Misaki: Gotcha, so she suddenly fixed her bad habits and played the part that was giving her trouble.
Sayo: Correct. However, I was troubled by how her playing style had shifted towards one tailored for concerts.
Misaki: Yeah... That's Kaoru-san's influence for sure...
Tae: ...? I get why the way Toko plays changed, but why would her habits be fixed?
Kaoru: Fufu, 'tis the power of fleetingness.
Misaki: Kaoru-san. That doesn't explain a thing.
Sayo: No, it is as Seta-san says.
Misaki: Huh? Sayo-senpai, you're joking, right?
Sayo: No, I am not.
Sayo: I have seen Hello, Happy World! perform on stage several times. Seta-san is someone who emphasizes the more theatrical aspects of a performance.
Tae: She does! She's always moving around on stage. I sometimes wonder how she can do that and still play properly.
Sayo: ... And that is exactly it. Seta-san has developed her own way of playing the guitar that is not hampered by vigorous movement.
Sayo: And if Kirigaya-san is learning from Seta-san, that means...
Misaki: Oh, I get it...
Sayo: Yes, Kirigaya-san's habits have been overwritten by Seta-san's.
Misaki: You're making it sound like fighting poison with a stronger poison... Well, calling it poison is a bit much, but still...
Misaki: I thought you said playing your way would allow her to overcome her habits, but all you did was give her yours...
Sayo: I had never considered such a method for fixing Kirigaya-san's habits...
Kaoru: As Shakespeare himself once said, "And to the manner born, it is a custom more honored in its breach than its observance."
Tae: Ah, there goes Kaoru-san quoting Shakespeare again.
Misaki: Ah, you can just ignore her, Sayo-senpai. She just... does that. She's got Shakespeare syndrome or something.
Sayo: No... I think Seta-san is telling us we need to question our preconceptions if we hope to achieve better results.
Kaoru: ... Fufu, it is... but that.
Misaki: C'mon, you definitely weren't thinking that, Kaoru-san.
Sayo: It is as she says, though. I had never conceived of such an approach.
Sayo: ... Seta-san. Could you teach me how to play the guitar just like you have been doing with Kirigaya-san?
Misaki: S-Sayo-senpai?!
Toko: Huh? Are you going to practice with me, Sayo-san?!
Sayo: Yes. I believe learning the guitar from Seta-san will allow me to make new discoveries I had never thought of.
Misaki: No... I'm sure there are better ways of doing that...
Tae: Ah, this looks like fun. Could you teach me too? The melody you make with your guitar always sounds so fun, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Fufu, I would be honored to do so. Nothing brings me greater joy than to know that my humble guitar can be of use to my little kittens.
Sayo: Yes, thank you!
Misaki: The situation seems to be rapidly going off the rails...
Misaki: This did happen at the festival too... Sayo-senpai doesn't seem like it, but she's pretty easily swayed by people like Kaoru-san...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: That was a most fleeting performance, everyone.
Sayo: W-was it...? I do not think I was able to play like you, Seta-san.
Kaoru: Fufu, there are as many flavors of fleetingness as there are stars in the sky. There is meaning to simply feeling fleetingness.
Sayo: That is true... If you had not taught me, I never would have known just how much attention you pay to how a performance appears to the audience.
Kaoru: That is because I wish for the little kittens attending our shows to see only the best that I have to offer, no matter where in the audience they may be.
Sayo: I see... So that is the kind of performance you aim for.
Tae: Oooh, you're so cool, Kaoru-san!
Misaki: Yeah, that's one of the few things I can respect about you.
Tae: ... Ah, I know! Why don't you guys join our practices?
Sayo: That would be more efficient.
Kaoru: Fufu, your wish is my command.
Misaki: Seeing as I'm already involved anyway, I guess I can stick around. Is that all right with you, Kirigaya-san?
Toko: Totally! I get to be taught by four upperclassmen! You guys are like an invincible team!
Misaki: Ahaha, I dunno about that.
Sayo: Well then, since your exam will be soon, we should work on refining your performance.
Kaoru: Oh? What is this exam you speak of...?
Sayo: Kirigaya-san has to pass a band performance exam, or else she will lose the part she is playing. I believe you said it was in two weeks, correct?
Toko: Yeah, it's in two weeks exactly! I added it to my scheduling app, so I'm absolutely certain of the date!
Toko: ... Huh?
Misaki: Is something the matter?
Toko: Uh... The slot that's two weeks from today says, "Day of the show!"
Sayo: ... Kirigaya-san, when is the exam?
Toko: It's supposed to be ten days before the show, so...
Toko: ... Ummm, in four days.
Toko: This is bad, this is bad, this is bad! I am totally, absolutely, and completely doomed!
Sayo: ... Take a deep breath. We should return to CiRCLE and resume practice immediately.
Kaoru: Fufu, it seems we will have busy times ahead.
Tae: ... I'm starting to get fired up.
Misaki: I'll call now to reserve a studio for the next three days starting tomorrow.
Sayo: Practice will not be easy, so you should be ready, Kirigaya-san.
Toko: Ooo... Th-thank you...!
