event123-03 Chapter 2: The "Fleeting" Mystery

Toko is having trouble practicing. Just then, she runs into Kaoru and Misaki in the park...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Studio]

Sayo: Kirigaya-san, the part I mentioned last time was offbeat again.
Toko: I know, but I can't do it right because I have so many things to keep track of~!
Sayo: Kirigaya-san... You're complaining again...
Toko: No, no! That wasn't complaining! It was an explanation! So it doesn't count!
Sayo: Stop making excuses that make no sense.
Tae: ... You may complain and make excuses, but you still keep practicing.
Tae: That really is something.
Toko: Grr~! I'm gonna play this song perfectly next time~!
Sayo: (... True. I had thought she would have given up earlier.)
Toko: Why can't I do this~...?
Toko: I'm fine when I play it slowly, but my fingers get all tangled up when I do it at a normal tempo...
Sayo: ... Your performance habits may be getting in the way.
Toko: My habits...? What do you mean?
Sayo: I am referring to your inability to keep your fingers in a proper position and the unnecessary amount of power you put into your arms.
Sayo: If we could identify those habits, we would be able to offer you advice for fixing them...
Toko: Seriously?! I had no idea! I thought I was playing normally~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After Practice]

[Park]

Toko: My playing habits, huh~...? How am I supposed to fix something that I can't even see?
Toko: I can't play properly until I fix them, though~...!
Kaoru: Misaki, I must thank you for accompanying me today. Inspiration struck me as I pondered the immortal words of Shakespeare.
Misaki: No problem... I did wonder what the deal was when you suddenly asked me to come, though.
Kaoru: Fufu, my apologies. However, your assistance has brought me one step closer to giving birth to a masterpiece rivaling my "Theme Song of Fleetingness."
Misaki: Ahaha, great... Hm? Hey, isn't that...?
Kaoru: Yes, it is Toko-chan. It must be fate that has brought us together under the fleeting sunset.
Toko: Hmm... What should I do...?
Misaki: She hasn't noticed us at all... Hey~, Kirigaya-san.
Toko: ...? Ah, Misaki-san! And Kaoru-san too!
Kaoru: Greetings, Toko-chan. Why does sorrow cloud your face so? Is your heart troubled?
Toko: Actually, yeah. You see...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: So the chains of your habits are keeping you from the perfection you so deeply desire...
Toko: Yeah~! And I have no idea what to do...
Kaoru: Hmm, would you allow me to offer you my assistance?
Toko: Huh? Does that mean you'll help me out...?
Kaoru: Indeed, I shall. As a fellow guitarist, I am certain there is much wisdom I will be able to bestow upon you.
Toko: Wow~! You're so awesome, Kaoru-san! Thanks so much!
(Black cut)
Toko: This is the sheet music, and this is the part I'm having trouble with...
Kaoru: I see... You did mention the cause was your habits. Might I suggest playing this section... fleetingly?
Toko: Fleetingly...? Oh~, Fleetingly... Gotcha. Fleetingly, huh...?
Toko: Wait, what's playing fleetingly like?!
Misaki: ... Kaoru-san, if you've got an idea, it'd be faster if you just showed her by playing.
Kaoru: Fufu, as the Great Bard himself once said, action is eloquence. And act I shall.
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Well?
Toko: Oh~! That was so awesome! I've never seen anyone spin around so much!
Kaoru: A fleeting turn, was it not? It is a favorite among my little kittens.
Misaki: Kaoru-san, you didn't have to move around that much just to show her how to play, did you?
Misaki: This isn't a concert. All that leaping and flying around seems excessive.
Kaoru: ...? I merely wished to demonstrate how to play fleetingly.
Kaoru: It is such a lovely melody, after all. I thought it best to surrender to it, to let it guide my body and express itself.
Misaki: It still seemed like a bit much.
Toko: Ahaha! I kinda know what you mean! I also find myself moving to the beat when I'm playing!
Toko: I can't believe you can move around and play properly at the same time, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: With a little practice, I am sure that you too will be able to do so. Now then, why don't we start from the beginning?
(Black cut)
Toko: Huff... Puff... This is harder than it looks...
Kaoru: Fufu, you are doing splendidly. Your performance of the parts I demonstrated are most fleeting.
Toko: Ahaha, sweet! And thanks, Misaki-san!
Misaki: Hm? I haven't done anything, though...
Toko: No, whenever I've been unable to get what Kaoru-san's saying, you've been translating! It's been super helpful!
Misaki: Ahaha... I guess you're welcome, then. By the way, I know you're both having fun, but shouldn't you be working on the part of the song that's giving you trouble, Kirigaya-san?
Toko: Hm? What part?
Misaki: You know, the part you're having trouble playing!
Toko: ... Ah! I totally forgot!
Toko: Hm? But I didn't have any trouble playing it just now...
Misaki: Huh? Why...?
Toko: I dunno either... Ah! Maybe my talent just suddenly blossomed!
Misaki: W-well, I'm glad you can play it now.
Toko: Me too! This has also given me ideas for extra moves I can throw in when I'm playing during the show!
Misaki: Ah, do you also like giving a showy performance, Kirigaya-san?
Toko: Of course! Who doesn't wanna look cool when they're doing a show?
Kaoru: Fufu, indeed. It is only natural for the heart to yearn for that which is fleeting.
Toko: So~... If it's alright with you, I'd like to make the other places look cool too...
Kaoru: You wish for my continued assistance then, is that it? Alas, the sun will not permit us to continue further. It would be best if we continue another time. Would that be sufficient?
Toko: Sure! And thanks a lot!
Kaoru: After our schoolwork is done, Misaki and I shall be searching for fleeting melodies here. You are welcome to seek us out whenever you have need of us.
