event123-06 Chapter 5: What I Really Learned

During a break from her intensive guitar training, Toko talks to Kaoru and Sayo about what is on her mind...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya)

[The Day Before the Test]

[Studio]

Sayo: Kirigaya-san, your timing is still off. Try to play that part slightly quicker.
Toko: Got it!
Kaoru: The part I taught you during the second measure was done wonderfully. If you are able to do so on the day of your concert, the performance is sure to go well.
Toko: Ah, okay!
Tae: It might be easier to play the part Hikawa-senpai indicated if you straighten your fingers a bit more.
Toko: O-okay...
Misaki: Um, why don't we take a break? It seems like Kirigaya-san's at her limit...
Toko: I... I don't think I've ever practiced this much in my entire life...
Sayo: ... A break it is. Let's resume in fifteen minutes then.
Tae: Tomorrow's the big day. Do you think she'll make it in time, Hikawa-senpai?
Sayo: It will be close, but I think she will be able to make it. Seta-san and Hanazono-san are also helping her, after all.
Misaki: I'm not sure she'll have enough stamina. You rarely see people that exhausted.
Kaoru: Indeed. Passing the exam will be for naught if she falls ill before the concert.
Sayo: That may be, but if Kirigaya-san stops now, she will be the one who regrets it the most during her performance.
Kaoru: Fufu, truer words have never been spoken. As her elders, we must do our part to help her on her journey.
Sayo: Yes, let's work together to help her... Hm? Where did Kirigaya-san go...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Toko: Ugh, I'm super tired...
Kaoru: I was wondering where you had fluttered off to.
Toko: Ah, Kaoru-san. Just trying to get some fresh air...
Kaoru: That is understandable. You have practiced hard for three days, after all. It is important to rest when able.
Toko: I'm really grateful for all the help you've given me. I owe you guys!
Kaoru: No, 'tis nothing for my sweet little kitten.
Kaoru: The others surely feel as I do as well.
Toko: Kaoru-san... Ahaha, you're all so nice!
Toko: If I were a god, I'd definitely grant each of you one wish!
Toko: I'm really lucky I've had all of you help me practice.
Toko: I've also seen that none of you are satisfied with simply being able to play a piece.
Kaoru: What is it that you mean?
Toko: Like in your case, you throw in extra moves and stuff. You also put a lot of thought into how the audience sees you.
Toko: Skill-wise, Sayo-san is like a guitar god compared to me, but she practices so hard. She never settles for anything less than perfect...
Toko: Seeing guys like you made me realize I shouldn't be satisfied with where I am now!
Sayo: Indeed. That is what it means to be entrusted with a role within a band.
Toko: Sayo-san...
Sayo: To be frank, I was not interested in helping you practice when you first asked me.
Sayo: You were always quick to complain, and I did not sense any commitment towards your band or the guitar.
Sayo: But as I saw you practice, I came to realize that despite your complaining, you show commitment in your own way.
Sayo: And that is why I decided to continue assisting you.
Toko: H-huh? I didn't expect such serious praise from you, Sayo-san! This is really embarrassing!
Sayo: It was not my intent to offer you praise. I merely shared my thoughts with you.
Toko: And that's what makes it so embarrassing!
Toko: ... Anyway, looks like I've got high expectations to live up to! But I won't disappoint you. I'm a genius, after all!
Sayo: Fufu, I had a feeling you would say that.
Tae: ... Hm? I was wondering why none of you had returned. What were the three of you up to?
Misaki: It's already past break time.
Kaoru: You have my apologies for the wait. Shall we resume practice then?
Toko: Yeah! Thanks again for sticking around to help me!
Sayo: You're welcome. Let us continue doing our best until the end.
