event123-02 Chapter 1: Whining and Worrying

Sayo and Tae teach Toko how to play the guitar. Sayo is worried about Toko's whining...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya)

[Studio]

Sayo: Sigh... How did I end up being dragged into helping Kirigaya-san practice...?
Tae: ...? Hikawa-senpai, is everything okay?
Sayo: Yes, it is nothing...
Toko: Whoa, so this is what the studios at CiRCLE look like! Ah, I don't think I've ever seen this kinda equipment before! I gotta take a picture!
Tae: Hm? Is this your first time in a studio, Toko?
Toko: Yeah, all the studios were booked when we started our band! We usually practice at the atelier at Nanami's place.
Sayo: Ah. They were fully booked for a while, weren't they? Things have started to quiet down, though.
Sayo: Anyhow, let's begin practice then. Could you show me your sheet music?
Toko: Ah, sure! Here it is!
Tae: Wow, this looks like a pretty cool song! The crowd's gonna love it if you can play the highlight.
Sayo: But there are also many difficult phrases for someone who only recently started playing the guitar. Could you play it for us once from the top?
Toko: Got it! Oh, there's this part where I look super awesome playing it, so be sure to pay attention, okay?
(Black cut)
Toko: ... There! What did you think? I think that's the best I've ever done before!
Sayo: ... During the verse, you appeared to be waving your arm more than necessary. Could you explain why...?
Toko: I'm not surprised you noticed, Sayo-san! That's my own personal super awesome guitar-playing move!
Sayo: It's getting in the way of your per-
Tae: I thought it was amazing!
Toko: Right? You've got good taste too, O-Tae-san~.
Tae: I want to try it, too. Why don't we do it together, Hikawa-senpai?
Sayo: I will not! And neither should you, Hanazono-san!
Sayo: ... Anyhow, your performance as a whole lacked accuracy.
Toko: Huh?!
Sayo: You also need to pay attention to how you accent the notes. I also noticed there were several sections where you were unable to maintain a consistent tempo.
Sayo: Aside from that...
Toko: S-Sayo-san! Wait!
Sayo: ...? Yes, is there something you would like to discuss?
Toko: ... Is it just me, or are there a lot of things I need to pay attention to?!
Sayo: There are. That is because this is a very demanding piece.
Toko: Ugh, I can't believe Rui's expecting me to do all of this stuff...
Tae: That must mean she trusts you a lot.
Toko: ... What?
Tae: She probably wrote it this way because she believed you'd be able to do it, Toko.
Toko: She... believed in me...
Toko: Jeez, that Rui. I guess she realizes how good I am even if she's always giving me a hard time.
Sayo: ... If you are finished, I would like to resume practice.
Toko: Ah, yeah! Of course!
Sayo: For today, let's start by going through each measure in order until you can play them accurately.
(Black cut)
Sayo: Kirigaya-san, your fingering became sloppy again during the third measure.
Sayo: Your tempo grew slower as the song went on. Try to make sure you will be in harmony with everyone when the vocalist begins singing.
Tae: Hmmm...
Sayo: ...? Wh-what is it, Hanazono-san?
Tae: For someone who seemed so unsure of whether they could teach yesterday, you're pretty enthusiastic today.
Sayo: I am not enthusiastic.
Sayo: I simply wish to do a proper job if I'm going to be teaching.
Sayo: Kirigaya-san, did you understand what I just said?
Toko: Kinda... But it seems really hard to do all of that while playing.
Toko: My fingers are already getting tangled up as it is. All this extra stuff is just gonna make it worse...
Sayo: ... Sigh. Now isn't the time for complaining, is it?
Sayo: As I pointed out yesterday, as a member of a band, you have the responsibility to-
Toko: R-right! Yeah, I know!
Sayo: ... As long as you understand. During the exam, be sure to keep in mind what I just said. You must also make sure you're playing in harmony with the other members.
Toko: There's more stuff I need to remember?! I can't do all of that at once~...!
Tae: Ah, you're complaining again.
Toko: Ah~, no, I wasn't complaining! I was, um, making an observation! Yeah! Just an observation!
Sayo: Sigh...
Sayo: (I wonder if she'll be able to play the piece in time for her exam...)
