event123-04 Chapter 3: Fleeting Guitarist

On their way home from helping Toko practice, Sayo and Tae run into an ecstatic Toko and Kaoru.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Studio]

Toko: ...!
Toko: Yeah! Did you see that?! I made it all the way to the end, right?!
Tae: Mmhmm, you did. I'm glad you've learned how to play it.
Sayo: Yes. It is starting to sound like a proper performance now. Not only that, you smoothly played the part that had previously given you trouble.
Toko: Phew... What a relief. I was so worried I wasn't gonna make it in time for the exam~...
Sayo: (Her performance is still not good enough for a concert, but at least we have something to work with now.)
Sayo: (I'm surprised she was able to fix her habits on her own, though. Despite her complaining, there seems to be more to her than meets the eye...)
Tae: Hikawa-senpai? Are you okay?
Sayo: Yes, I just realized I may have misjudged Kirigaya-san...
Sayo: (However, there is something that bothers me...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Tae: ... You're concerned with the way Toko's playing?
Sayo: Yes. Hanazono-san, what did you think of her performance?
Tae: She's gotten a lot better. It's like a frozen hamburger steak that's slowly being defrosted.
Sayo: I'm not sure I understand your metaphor, but... have you noticed the way she plays has changed? She added a number of theatrics one would see during a concert...
Tae: Ah, you might be right. I don't think that's a bad thing, though. She's no longer having trouble with that one part of the song either.
Sayo: And that is what I'm confused by. Her playstyle has changed, and her performance of the area troubling her has improved...
Sayo: I do not understand how or why...
Tae: Hmm... Did you try asking her?
Sayo: I did not. If it is something she is doing subconsciously, pointing it out may cause her to lose the progress she has made.
Sayo: Anyway, since her performance has improved, I think it is safe to watch and observe for the time being.
Tae: Ahaha, you're totally acting like her teacher, Hikawa-senpai.
Sayo: Th-that is not my intent... I'm just attempting to fulfill my responsibilities to her...
Tae: I see. You know, we should go see her show if she passes her exam.
Sayo: Yes, we should.
Sayo: ... Hm?
Sayo: That is Kirigaya-san, is it not?
Tae: Kaoru-san and Misaki are there too. And Toko and Kaoru-san have their guitars...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Toko: Kaoru-san, like this?
Kaoru: Splendid. With each passing day, your performance grows increasingly fleeting.
Misaki: Oh... I had no idea something could grow more fleeting...
Kaoru: You are doing everything I have taught you flawlessly, Toko-chan. It is so fleeting that my heart trembles...!
Toko: Awesome! Do you think we can do something new today, then? I wanna improve this part here!
Kaoru: I see. Then you should strike a pose here.
Toko: Ooh, I like that! I'm totally taking that idea! Ah, but if I do, I want something a bit more flashy!
Kaoru: Fufu, how about a jump after striking a pose then?
Toko: Kaoru-san... Are you a genius or something? I love that!
Kaoru: Then today, I shall teach you how to jump fleetingly. The key is to imagine yourself becoming a swan as you leap through the air.
Toko: A... swan?
Kaoru: Indeed. Just as a swan gracefully takes flight from a lake, you must spread your wings wide as you dance through the air...!
Tae: They're jumping around in the air while holding their guitars. I don't know what they're doing, but it looks fun!
Sayo: What in the world is going on...?
