event123-07 Ending: Expectant Gaze

It's the day of Morfonica's show. Sayo, Kaoru, and the others watch over Toko's performance.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya)

[The Day of the Show]

[Live House - Reception]

Sayo: ... The day has finally arrived. I wonder if Kirigaya-san will be okay...
Misaki: Ahaha... You're worrying too much, Sayo-senpai. You've been like that all day.
Sayo: I know, but...
Misaki: She said she passed the exam. Besides, she's practiced so much. I'm sure she'll be fine.
Kaoru: We have done all that we can. All that remains for us is to watch over her.
Sayo: ... Y-yes, you are right. I should learn from how relaxed Hanazono-san is... Hm?
Misaki: Ah, she's over there. It looks like she's getting something to drink... Ah, she's coming back.
Tae: Hm? Aren't you going to get something to drink? I recommend the orange juice here.
Sayo: ... Perhaps she is too relaxed.
Misaki: Ahaha... Yeah.
Kaoru: The concert is beginning. Let us bear witness to Toko-chan's moment in the spotlight.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage]

Toko: Thanks, guys~! Our next song's gonna be a new one!
Toko: I'll be playing the super awesome highlight, so start getting hyped! All right, it's all yours, Shiro!
Mashiro: U-um... This song is...
Sayo: Wh-why is she raising expectations for herself...?!
Kaoru: Fufu, that is because the blood of a true entertainer courses through her veins.
Tae: Guys, it's starting.
Sayo: Her start is going well, but the next phrase is difficult... I wonder if she will be able to play it properly...
Misaki: Ahaha, Sayo-senpai, you're acting like a guardian at school on parents' day.
Tae: ... Ah, it's the part that was hard to teach Toko. She struggled with it a lot.
Sayo: Yes. What's more, she has to deal with the pressure of performing it at this concert. I hope she will be able to do it...
All: ...
Misaki: ... She did it! Did you see that, Sayo-senpai? She did it perfectly!
Sayo: Yes, that was her best performance yet! And here comes the highlight...
Kaoru: She poured her heart into its mastery. I am sure her performance will be splendid...
Kaoru: Fufu, it appears words are unnecessary. The cheers are a reflection of her efforts.
Toko: Thanks for coming~! Our next gig's gonna be super awesome, so don't miss it either, okay?
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Live House - Reception]

Customer: What was that band called? Was it Morfonica? They were pretty cool!
Customer: That girl on the guitar was Toko, right? I didn't know she was that good.
Misaki: ... It's over.
Kaoru: Yes. Words cannot do justice to how fleeting the concert was.
Tae: Mmhmm, I got goosebumps.
Sayo: ...
Misaki: Hm? Are you crying, Sayo-senpai?
Sayo: I-I am not!
Sayo: It's just... This was a different experience from reviewing my own concerts or watching another group perform.
Sayo: In a way, it was more nerve-wracking than performing on stage. All I could do was watch.
Tae: I could tell from the way you were clenching your fists the whole time, Hikawa-senpai.
Kaoru: Indeed. The determination to not miss a single note was clearly written on your face.
Sayo: I had not realized I had become so engrossed in the show.
Kaoru: Fufu, neither did I. Come, let us go and share our thoughts with Toko-chan.
Sayo: Yes. It was a good performance, but we should let her know that there is still room for improvement.
Misaki: Ahaha, you're so strict, Sayo-senpai...
Tae: Ah, looks like she's coming to us.
Toko: There you guys are! I've been looking for all of you~!
Sayo: We were about to go to the dressing room. Are you sure you should be out here, though...? If the audience finds you...
Toko: Ahaha, no biggie! So, what did you think? Was I awesome?!
Sayo: ... Fufu.
Sayo: ... Yes, you were. It was a very good concert.
(White cut)
