65_Hina Hikawa_R1 Genius Girl

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

Hina: I'm Hina Hikawa! I'm the guitarist for Pastel＊Palettes. What else can I say~? ... I think that's it.
Hina: Huh? I have to say something else? But that's pretty much it...
Hina: Oh, that's right, I have a twin sister! She's kinda scary, but she's great!
Hina: I love her so much~! The whole reason I learned to play the guitar is because I wanted to be like her.
Hina: But it wasn't really difficult or anything, so it didn't take long to pick up. Easy peasy♪
Hina: So I guess I'm just doing the band thing to kill time. Something just seemed interesting about it.
Hina: It's turning out to be an awesome way to kill time though. The other girls are just so interesting. Oh, and even though we're a band, we...
Hina: ... Ah, I'm not allowed to say this? Really? But it's the best part~.
Hina: Oh well. Ehehe, forget about what I was going to say~♪
Hina: Anyway, we're Pastel＊Palettes! Check us out sometime!
Hina: And that's it! I'm Hina Hikawa! See ya~☆


<So Excited!>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

Hina: Huh? What a surprise to see you around here!
Hina: Hm? What am I up to? Nothing much. Just wandering around~.
Hina: I have the day off today. It'd be waste to spend it cooped up in my house.
Hina: I like going out and finding new streets and parks, stuff like that...
Hina: It's kinda exciting when I start thinking about what I might find around the next corner~.
Hina: Huh, you think so too, {{userName}}-san? You get it! I think we might be able to be good friends~.
Hina: You know, I kinda have this thing for the unknown.
Hina: Huh? You don't know because it's the unknown?
Hina: Ahaha, you're funny.
Hina: Actually, that's why I like playing live~.
Hina: I mean, no one knows what's going to happen during a show, right?
Hina: That just makes it so exciting!
Hina: I can do pretty much anything without practicing, so everything gets kinda boring for me.
Hina: That's why I always want to go jump into situations where I can't imagine what's going to happen next.
Hina: Ahaha, yeah, I guess you could say I'm kinda fearless! That's what makes me interesting, you know?
Hina: Got it?
Hina: Okay, good. In that case, I'm going wander around a bit more and find some new streets.
Hina: Catch you later~☆
