66_Hina Hikawa_R2 Onstage

<About My Costume>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya)

Hina: Morning, everyone!
Eve: Oh, Hina-san! Hi~.
Hina: Hey, what's up?
Hina: ... Huh? You're the only one here, huh? Are we early?
Eve: There's nothing wrong with being early! It's always good to take action as soon as you can!
Hina: Ahaha, you're such a good girl, Eve-chan~.
Hina: Hm? What's that you've got there...
Eve: One of the photos we took to promote our debut performance!
Hina: They're already finished? Let me see~.
Eve: Here. I'm so glad the photos came out nicely!
Eve: Everyone looks great in their outfits, just like real idols!
Eve: I'm sure the audience will really enjoy it when we perform in these outfits!
Hina: ...
Eve: Hina-san? Is something the matter? You don't like the photo...?
Hina: Hrm, nah... it's not that...
Hina: I was just thinking how it's strange.
Eve: Strange.
Hina: Yeah. People can appear so different just by wearing an outfit, right?
Hina: Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes looks amazingly cute in their outfits, no matter how you look at it.
Eve: That's true.
Hina: We really do look like idols.
Hina: Which means, we can become idols just by wearing an outfit.
Hina: And in the same way, just by holding instruments we can be a band, even if we can't play them...
Hina: I mean, to the audience, Pastel＊Palettes really looks like an actual band.
Eve: O-okay...
Hina: I just think it's so strange that the way we appear can change so much with just one outfit...
Hina: Don't you think it's interesting, Eve-chan?
Eve: U-umm...
Eve: I'm sorry... this is a little difficult for me...
Hina: Hmm. For example, most samurai wear a kimono and a topknot, and have a sword, right?
Eve: Yes! A sword for cutting down evil!
Hina: So if you wear a kimono, put your hair in a topknot, and carry a sword, you can become a samurai too!
Eve: Oh, I see!
Eve: In that case, I'm going to start wearing my hair in a topknot!
Eve: I want to be a samurai too! Can I?
Hina: Ahaha! That's not exactly what I meant, but it sounds fun, so why not?
Eve: Yay~! Do you know where I can buy a sword? Oh, I need to get a kimono too!
Hina: You're serious about this.
Eve: Of course! I want to be a bushi idol! Aya-san will like this idea too, don't you think?
Hina: Uh, sure, why not? I think Aya-chan would look good in a topknot too!
Hina: All it takes is one change of appearance to be an idol or a samurai... They exist, but at the same time don't. It's so strange~.


<Things Important To Me>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

Hina: Huh? What are you doing here?
Hina: Me? I just finished rehearsals.
Hina: You know, I think this is gonna be a pretty good show! I guarantee it'll go well, so don't miss it♪
Hina: Hm? You think my outfit suits me?
Hina: Ahaha, thanks♪ It's always nice to hear that!
Hina: I always think that if we can't enjoy our own performance, the audience can't either~.
Hina: That's why we have to wear cute outfits and have a great time on stage!
Hina: But we always wear the same outfits, so... I guess I'm kinda sick of it...
Hina: I'm not trying to say I don't like wearing it or anything, you know?
Hina: I just think that it's important for things to be stimulating.
Hina: Maybe I should come up with some new designs, and see what the others think...
Hina: Hm? You know what? I always get filled with energy when we talk like this.
Hina: It doesn't happen with other people. Do you have some kind of special power, {{userName}}-san?
Hina: ... Oh, look at the time.
Hina: Well, I should probably get back to the others. I'm really glad I got to talk to you today!
Hina: I feel a bit more motivated to keep trying since you were so nice to me!
