67_Hina Hikawa_R3 Unknown Presence

Gacha phrase: Who knew "other people" could be this interesting?!

<Why A Selfie?>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa)

Hina: "Hm-hm-hmm♪"
Hina: "Oops, I'm gonna trip over~!"
Aya: ...
Hina: "If I take it from this angle... yep, perfect!"
Aya: Umm... what are you doing, Hina-chan?
Hina: Hm? Can't you tell?
Aya: ... Pretending to be a character from a comedy?
Hina: Uh-uh! Nope!
Hina: The correct answer is pretending to be you, Aya-chan~.
Aya: Huh, me?! That's so embarrassing, cut it out~!
Aya: Wh-why are you pretending to be me, anyway?!
Hina: Why?
Hina: You're so interesting and I like you, so I wanted to try being you.
Hina: I thought if I did that, I'd be able to understand you more!
Aya: Understand me more...?
Hina: Like... when you take a selfie, you do this!
Aya: Whaaat?! Do I always twist my body like that?!
Hina: This is what you do when you sing! You kind of flail your arms and legs around... just like this!
Aya: D-do I really do those kung-fu kinda movements when I sing...?
Hina: And then during the chorus, you get into it and lose your balance!
Aya: I-I see... So that's why I always feel kind of wobbly!
Hina: Most likely. With this kinda footwork, your balance is a little lopsided.
Hina: To stop wobbling about, maybe it'd help if you put your right foot... over here.
Aya: Hmm, I see... You're right, that will help me keep my balance!
Hina: When you do your spins, you get dizzy...
Aya: Yeah. No matter how many times I do it, I always get dizzy~.
Hina: ... Enough.
Aya: Huh?
Hina: That's enough for me!
Aya: Wh-what do you mean?
Hina: Like...
Hina: No matter how much I pretend to be like you, it just makes it harder for me to understand why you do all these things, Aya-chan.
Hina: I don't think I'm up to it~.
Aya: Of course, you can't. I'm who I am, and you're who you are, Hina-chan.
Hina: Hmm... but I wanna know! The things you do, and why you do them!
Hina: This is one of those "when in doubt, just ask!" moments.
Hina: Aya-chan, do you mind if I ask you this and that?
Aya: I guess it's okay...
Hina: Thanks! You're so kind, Aya-chan~.
Hina: Okay, so first up... Why are you always taking selfies?
Aya: Huh?!
Hina: I've been wondering about this for ages. You're always posing for selfies whenever you have the chance...
Aya: Oh, um, that's uh... ahaha... you know...uh...
Hina: Also, why do you always flail about when you sing?
Aya: I-I... thought it was cute...
Hina: Oh, and there's another thing...!
Aya: Th-that's it, stop~!
Aya: You're embarrassing me by saying all those things...!
Hina: What? But you said I could ask you some questions.
Hina: One more thing I wanna ask is-
Aya: I said, stop it, okay~?!


<Aya-Chan's Efforts>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

Hina: Hm-hm-hmm~♪
Hina: Oh, {{userName}}-san. Hey~.
Hina: It really is a small world if we're bumping into each other in a place like this.
Hina: What are you up to, {{userName}}-san?
Hina: Lemme guess, playing one of those smartphone games everyone's into these days?
Hina: It's not safe to walk around with your eyes glued to your phone, you know~?
Hina: Huh? You weren't even looking at your phone?
Hina: Ahaha, I see.
Hina: I guess I got ahead of myself, sorry~.
Hina: Oh, by the way, I wanted to thank you for always looking out for Pastel＊Palettes.
Hina: Aya-chan and Chisato-chan, Maya-chan and Eve-chan...
Hina: We don't really get the chance to say it, but everyone appreciates what you do for us, {{userName}}-san.
Hina: Especially Aya-chan since she's hopeless and all.
Hina: Oh, speaking of Aya-chan...
Hina: I've been watching Aya-chan ever since I joined the band.
Hina: Practically every day too, during practice and our breaks.
Hina: ... Why do I watch her all the time?
Hina: Because she's so interesting! Why else?
Hina: I mean, she's hopeless, right?
Hina: She practices every single day, but she doesn't improve at all.
Hina: I pick everything up pretty easily, so I don't really get why Aya-chan can't get anything right.
Hina: ... But even though she doesn't improve at all she never gives up.
Hina: Don't you think that's amazing?
Hina: She never stops practicing stuff that normally anyone else would get sick of.
Hina: ... Ah, but there was this one time when things got messy.
Hina: Yeah... what happened was Aya-chan and Chisato-chan had an argument.
Hina: Aya-chan was all "hard work always pays off", but Chisato-chan said, "hard work doesn't always get you what you want."
Hina: Hard work has always been Aya-chan's thing, so hearing that from Chisato-chan made her feel down.
Hina: Actually, she was more than just "down" about it.
Hina: I think "crushed" is probably a better way to put it.
Hina: That's just how shocked she was.
Hina: After that, Chisato-chan went off somewhere, and Aya-chan just sat there with her head down...
Hina: It felt like we were on the brink of breaking up!
Hina: I was starting to think that even Aya-chan wouldn't be able to come back to practice after this.
Hina: ... But...
Hina: Deep down, part of me kind of knew that Aya-chan wouldn't give up just because of something like this.
Hina: And when I went to the studio the next day, she was there!
Hina: I was so impressed... so I told her what I had always been thinking.
Hina: That I can do anything without making much effort, so it's hard for me to understand how people like her feel...
Hina: Which is why people like her who can't do things are interesting.
Hina: Why doesn't she give up when she can't get something right?
Hina: What goes through her head?
Hina: No matter how hard I think about these things, I just can't come up with an explanation! It's so boppin'!
Hina: The more I thought about it, the more I started to like her!
Hina: So that's what I told her~.
Hina: I still feel the same way now, too.
Hina: Aya-chan's indomitable spirit that lets her just keep going and going!
Hina: That's what makes her shine...
Hina: I lose interest in things easily, but... I've been able to keep at the band because of Aya-chan.
Hina: You know... I'm curious about what all of Aya-chan's hard work and effort is going to lead to.
Hina: ... Ahaha, I just talked so much about myself!
Hina: Anyway, what I wanted to say is, it's because of Aya-chan that I'm here now and that I'm able to play in the band with the others!
Hina: That's it, I'm done talking! Okay, I'm gonna get going now.
Hina: I'll see you again at the studio. Bye~.
