123_Hina Hikawa_R3 Light-Year Luster

<Music For The Future>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa)

[Movie Theater Entrance]

Hina: Movie theater~, we're here~.
Hina: Ran-chan, Kokoro-chan, who would've thought I'd be meeting up with you two?
Ran: I know, I didn't think I'd be hanging out with you guys either.
Kokoro: What a small world! That makes me happy!
Hina: And I guess the three of us hanging out means going to the movies, huh?
Kokoro: If you have vacation days, you gotta catch a movie!
Hina: You sure do, Kokoro-chan. Alright, so what are we gonna watch?
Kokoro: Hmm, let's see! Maybe we should watch a big-name action movie! Boom!!
Hina: Hmm, maybe. But I could never miss a romance film!
Kokoro: Or maybe we should watch a splatter flick! Slash!! Rip!! Squish!!
Hina: Yeah~! Yeah!!
Ran: (E-excitement levels are way too high... What am I doing here...?)
Hina: What's wrong, Ran-chan? Come on, there are so many movies. Let's pick one together~.
Kokoro: Yeah, Ran! Let's find one that's interesting!
Ran: O-okay. Uhm...
Hina: Look, look. Kokoro-chan! "The Sea Cucumber and the Sunflower."
Kokoro: That's the new film from that famous anime studio! I hear it's a big deal because they haven't made a film in five years!
Hina: I saw their last production in theaters, but I don't really remember much, to be honest...
Kokoro: Apparently, this one's a touching story about a sea cucumber who goes to the shore and meets a boy in a sunflower field.
Hina: Hmm, so sea cucumbers travel to the shore...?
Ran: Hmm... "The Beat of 13.8 Billion Years..."
Hina: What was that, Ran-chan?
Ran: It looks like they're showing a movie about space.
Hina: Ohh~... That looks interesting!
Kokoro: That's a good one! A film about space sounds wonderful!
Hina: Okay, then it's decided. We will be watching this movie!
Hina: Here we go, three high school tickets! Beep beep beep... Machines are super fast!
Kokoro: I'm so excited! Let's hurry!
Ran: Wait, there's still time before it starts.
Kokoro: Really? Okay! Then let's chat while we wait!
Hina: That's a good idea, let's do that. So, what do you wanna talk about, Ran-chan?
Ran: I-I have to decide...? Uhh...
Ran: Ah, I got it. Hina-san. When we went stargazing, you were the one who told us the story about starlight, right?
Hina: Yeah. Good memory, Ran-chan.
Hina: The light we see now is from the stars hundreds and thousands of years back.
Hina: The universe actually started 13.8 billion years ago...
Hina: And it continues to expand to this day. Even light from the stars that are really far away can still be seen here.
Hina: Ahh~, isn't it romantic?! It's so grand, I get this boppin' feeling.
Kokoro: Yeah! It is romantic!
Kokoro: The glow of the universe, the sparkling of the stars, the light of life!!
Kokoro: This world is filled with shine!!
Ran: Kokoro, relax. People are starting to stare...
Ran: But it is pretty strange...
Ran: The light that we see is hundreds and thousands of years old... Huh.
Hina: What's up, Ran-chan?
Ran: Nothing... I'm just wondering if our music, like the starlight, will continue to be heard years from now, even when we're no longer here.
Kokoro: Don't worry! Of course it will be!
Ran: Of course...? You sound pretty confident despite having nothing to fall back on. You know, you amaze me sometimes.
Hina: Haha, I know what you mean.
Kokoro: Really? Doesn't seem that special to me. If you think about it, there's nothing we can't do!
Hina: You think so...? Yeah, maybe...
Hina: Alright. From now on, we will do our best as Afterglow, Pastel*Palettes and Hello, Happy World! to make music that lasts forever!
Ran: You got that right. After all, we have the kind of sound that can shine bright for a long time.
Kokoro: Yeah! Making the world smile! And happy!
Hina: Haha, yeah. Just like that.


<Closest Star>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

Hina: Ooo~, this sparkly globe is cool~
Hina: Ah! And this little cactus is cute~! It's spiky, prickly, pointy! Nice~.
Hina: ... Hm? What do we have here? Looks like {{userName}}-san!
Hina: To think we'd run into each other on a day off~. Are you doing some shopping too?
Hina: Oh, I see! Yeah, you can find so many different things at a knick-knack shop like this one.
Hina: Ah, look at this! It's a squishy sea cucumber key holder!
Hina: The word around town is that it's a good-luck charm. Not sure what's so lucky about it, but it's cute and you can squish it.
Hina: Over here, they have a sea cucumber body pillow!
Hina: Wow~, so there are a number of different types of sea cucumber... You learn something new every day♪
Hina: But why are there so many? Maybe there's gonna be a sea cucumber fair.
Hina: Or maybe they're just getting rid of their stock.
Hina: Hey, {{userName}}-san. What do you think about getting one of these body pillows?
Hina: What? No, that wasn't a joke...
Hina: Hahaha! It does kinda seem like a sea cucumber would show up in your dreams if you slept with this.
Hina: C'mon, c'mon. Let's look for something interesting together♪
Hina: They've gotta have something good~♪
Hina: Ooo, what about this? A scale key holder!
Hina: Whoa~, haha. If you have something small, you can place it on the tray and weigh it! So practical!
Hina: Hm? What could you possible weigh with a small scale like this?
Hina: You're right! So impractical!
Hina: Scales remind me of the Greek goddess Astraea. She holds one herself. Her story is pretty famous.
Hina: Apparently, the Libra, one of the 12 zodiac constellations, is a scale that she can use to read people's hearts.
Hina: A scale that can read people's hearts... I think I want one!
Hina: Speaking of constellations, the other day, Kokoro-chan and I went stargazing as the astronomy club.
Hina: By chance, we also ran into Kasumi-chan and a few others.
Hina: We stayed up late together until the stars came out, so we were able to see a really pretty night sky.
Hina: The stars in space, like islands floating in the sea... Yeah, that's poetic!
Hina: While we were there, I told everyone about how the light that reaches the earth is actually from the stars years and years ago.
Hina: And that made me think of something.
Hina: {{userName}}-san, do you mind listening?
Hina: Of course not? Thanks!
Hina: ... Okay, so the thing I thought of was related to Aya-chan.
Hina: I think she's similar to the stars.
Hina: So as a star, you shine and you shine, but it takes a whole buncha years for that light to finally be visible as "starlight."
Hina: Not even just years. It could take hundreds, thousands, maybe millions of years. Some ridiculously long period of time.
Hina: On the other hand, you have Aya-chan, who worked really hard for three straight years, and finally, she gets to shine as an idol...
Hina: See? Similar, right?
Hina: You agree? Haha, so you noticed too.
Hina: Since realizing that, I've come to think, more and more, that Aya-chan is really amazing.
Hina: It's true that compared to the extremely long lifespan of a star, a human's life seems like a short moment.
Hina: But thinking about that difference in scale, both the stars and Aya-chan get to shine brightly after waiting for a long time!
Hina: So basically, Aya-chan equals star, right?!
Hina: Hmm, she really is incredible!
Hina: That's why I hope I can continue to be by her side to admire her.
Hina: I'm super excited to see where she goes from here!
