454_Hina Hikawa_R3 Hina's Request

<Hina's Dream Notebook>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Taking a Break]

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: Hmhmm~, hmhmm~♪
Aya: You're looking pretty happy today! Did something good happen?
Hina: Ahaha, how'd you know~? You see~, I bought this!
Eve: Ah, it's just like Aya-san's dream notebook!
Chisato: That's right. Aya-chan said she used one to organize her dreams and goals, didn't she? Why'd you get one, Hina-chan?
Hina: My sister told me that writing might help me figure out my own dreams, so I decided to try it out~!
Maya: So this is your dream notebook then! I wonder what kind of things are written inside. I'm so curious...!
Aya: Yeah! I wanna know too! Can we take a look, Hina-chan?
Hina: Huh? Yeah, sure, go right ahead!
Aya: Thank you~! ... Hey, there's nothing here!
Eve: W-wait a second, Aya-san! Perhaps we have to heat these pages over a fire in order for the letters to appear...
Maya: I-I really doubt it's written in invisible ink...
Chisato: Hina-chan, why have you left it blank?
Hina: Well, you see, I figured I'd give writing something a shot, but when I actually tried, nothing came to mind!
Hina: ... Ah, that's it! Why don't you guys help me come up with something?!
Eve: Helping Hina-san find her dream... That sounds fun!
Aya: Yeah! Let's do it!
Chisato: ... Oh, alright. We still have practice though, so only for a little bit, understood?
Hina: Yay~! Thanks, guys~!
Hina: Actually, I know I asked for help, but I'm not sure what you guys can do. I mean, I still don't really understand what would make for a dream and what would make for a goal.
Maya: Hm~, you're right, that is tough... You can do anything, after all...
Maya: Ah, why don't you start by writing down things that would make you feel boppin'?
Aya: That's a great idea! Maybe we'll find your dreams and goals there!
Hina: What~? That's it? If that's the case, I can think of lots of stuff!
(Black cut)

[5 Minutes Later]

Hina: ... All done~!
Chisato: Hina-chan, you were going pretty fast there...
Eve: Now I really want to see what you wrote!
Maya: "Going to Mars!" "CiRCLE selling hamburgers!" ... I can't believe those two are right next to each other...
Chisato: I suppose that means both of these ideas are equally boppin' to Hina-chan...?
Hina: Hey, guys! I wrote tons of stuff down. Does that mean these are my dreams?
Aya: U-uhm... I think these might be a little off. Although, I don't really know how to explain why...
Maya: Yeah... You can't really say they're not dreams either...
Chisato: Fufu, perhaps that means that Hina-chan is the only one who can understand her own dreams.
Chisato: But as long as you stay in Pastel＊Palettes, I'm sure you'll find out what they are, Hina-chan. Isn't that right, everyone?
Aya: ... Yeah! What Chisato-chan said!
Maya: By the way, which one of these do you want to see happen the most, Hina-san?
Hina: Hm~... That's a hard question, but I think this one?
Aya: "Stargazing with Pastel＊Palettes..." H-Hina-chan~! Of course we'll go! Let's go right now!
Hina: Ahaha, Aya-chan, we can't go right now! That's impossible! Still, I think it'd be pretty interesting having you all there with me~.
Eve: That's such a good idea, Hina-san! Since we don't have lessons tomorrow, why don't we go stargazing together?
Maya: Great! I'd love to! What do you think, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Fufu, I agree. I suppose every once in a while can't hurt.
Aya: Yay~! Okay, then let's meet at the station tomorrow. As for the time-
Hina: Ahaha, I'm the one whose dream is coming true! Why are you more excited than me, Aya-chan? That's so weird!
Hina: Being in Pastel＊Palettes really is interesting!


<A Lesson I'm Excited for♪>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Residential Area]

Hina: ...~♪
Marina: Huh? Isn't that Hina-chan skipping over there? Hey~, Hina-chan!
Hina: Ah! {{userName}}-san! Marina-san! How are you~?
Marina: You look like you're in a good mood. Are you going out somewhere?
Hina: Huh? Nope! I'm on my way to band lessons with Pastel＊Palettes!
Marina: Huh? That's it...? Ah! So it must be some sort of special lesson, right?
Hina: No? It's just practice, same as usual.
Marina: I-I see... You sure seem excited though...
Hina: Yeah, we're finally able to practice like normal again. I can't wait!
Hina: Up until a while ago, we all had a bunch of solo projects, so everyone was all over the place. We never got to see each other.
Hina: But everyone was acting like it couldn't be helped. It felt like they were giving up. Pastel＊Palettes wasn't very boppin' then.  It even looked like we might break up for a while there~.
Marina: R-really? I had no idea...
Hina: So I stopped going to practice and started going out by myself instead. For some reason though, that wasn't fun anymore either~.
Hina: I was bored out of my mind~. Thankfully, once we started practicing as a group again, it got a lot more fun.
Hina: And for some reason, after that, going out by myself got a lot more enjoyable too!
Hina: I still don't get it. Why did I start having more fun by myself after we got back together? It's so weird~.
Marina: Fufu, I bet you were worried about your friends, Hina-chan.
Hina: Worried? Uhm~, maybe? I don't really get it myself, but you're probably right!
Hina: ... Whatever! Either way, ever since our concert ended, Pastel＊Palettes has been even more fun than ever~!
Hina: That's why I'm looking forward to today's practice so much.
Marina: Now I get it! ... You know, Hina-chan, I get the feeling you've kinda changed.
Hina: Ahaha, Chisato-chan said the same thing!
Hina: ... Ah, I've got to get going! If I'm late, Chisato-chan's going to get mad at me!
Hina: Alright, see you guys later! Bye, {{userName}}-san, Marina-san!
