506_Hina Hikawa_R4 Tricky Devil

Gacha phrase: Ahaha! Now we're talking!

<My True Identity>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: Good morning!
Aya: Good morning~! ... Oh! I guess Eve-chan and I are the last ones. Everyone else got here so early.
Chisato: ...
Maya: ...
Aya: Huh, what? What's with the weird ambiance in the room?
Eve: Is there some sort of ascetic training going on?
Hina: So, now that everyone's here, there's something really important I have to tell all of you!
Aya: H-Hina-chan...? Wh-what's going on?
Eve: S-something you'd like to tell us...?
Hina: Yes, brace yourselves... I am actually an alien hailing from the planet Hinantus!
Eve: H-Hinan- What? Where is that?
Aya: Y-yeah, what are you talking about? Stop it with your jokes already, Hina-chan!
Hina: My apologies, everyone. I'm sorry for keeping it a secret all this time...
Eve: Hina-san... You're really an alien?
Hina: You know how I say "boppin' " all the time? Well actually, it's from the language used on Hinantus. Everyone speaks it on my planet.
Hina: Somehow, I just couldn't fix this bad habit of using the word...
Aya: ... I'm sure you're just teasing us right now. It's all a joke, right? ... Huh?  Chisato-chan, please say something...
Chisato: ...
Aya: Huh...?! What about you, Maya-chan?! Do you actually believe this?
Maya: I think there's a good chance that Hina-san is telling us the truth.
Aya: M-Maya-chan?!
Hina: Aw, Maya-chan... Thank you for believing me!
Eve: I-is that the reason why you're in the Astronomy Club?
Hina: When I look up at the stars, I can reminisce of the place where my Sis and I grew up...
Eve: A-are you saying that... Sayo-san is also an alien, too?!
Hina: Yes... I hope that we'll be able to go back there... someday.
Maya: We're going to miss you if you go back to your home planet... But if there is any way I can help, please tell me. I'll do anything I can!
Aya: Huh...?!
Eve: You have my full support too!!
Aya: What?!
Hina: Thank you, everyone...
Aya: Th-this is all a joke, right? Huh? Or is it not...?
Aya: (Is it possible that Hina-chan is capable of so many things ... because she's actually an alien?)
Aya: H-Hina-chan... If there is anything I can do-
Chisato: That absolutely won't do!
Maya: Ch-Chisato-san?!
Chisato: Since it's come to this, I must tell you all the truth, too... I'm actually a secret agent working with a hidden organization.
Eve: A secret agent?
Chisato: Yes. The purpose of our organization is to capture aliens who've come to earth in order to prevent them from invading our planet.
Chisato: We got word that one had joined Pastel＊Palettes, so I infiltrated this band. I'm so sorry I've kept all of this a secret from you, Aya-chan.
Aya: How could this be...?!
Eve: Chisato-san, please! I beg you! Can't you look past it and let her go? Hina-san is our friend and a precious member of Pastel＊Palettes!
Chisato: I'm sorry. I am first and foremost a member of the organization.  I simply can't turn a blind eye to this.
Chisato: But at the same time, I don't want to hurt you.  If you surrender willingly, I will see to it that you won't suffer as much.
Aya: (What should I do?! At this rate, Hina-chan will be met with a terrible fate!)
Hina: Pft...!
Chisato: Fufu...! Fufufu...!
Aya: Wh-what's gotten into the two of you?!
Hina: Ahaha! I can't handle it any longer. I'm going to burst out laughing!
Chisato: Fufu. Hina-chan and Maya-chan, bravo on your marvelous acting.
Aya: Marvelous acting? Can someone please explain to me what's going on?!
Hina: Ahaha! Oh, I'm so sorry, Aya-chan! You see, after learning that Maya-chan was behind that Halloween special, I wanted to try being a mastermind myself!
Maya: We got to talking about how both Hina-san and Chisato-san would be great at it. One thing led to another, and we decided to give it a shot!
Chisato: Sorry for tricking the both of you!
Eve: S-so that means all of that just now was an act! That's such a relief~! I'm glad that Hina-san won't be captured by a secret organization!
Aya: Sigh... Give me a break, you two! And here I was freaking out about what to do if Hina-san and Chisato-chan started fighting!
Eve: I really need to commend the both of you on your remarkable acting skills!
Hina: Mwahaha~. Now, the real question is which part was acting and which part was real?
Aya: Wait, what?!  Aw! Enough with that already, Hina-chan!!


<Greed Halloween>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Oh, if it isn't Hina-chan. Hello! I watched your Halloween special on TV the other day~!
Hina: Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hey, guys~! Ehehe, thanks for watching our program!
Marina: There sure were a lot of mysteries you had to solve. I was on the edge of my seat waiting to see if you guys would make it out or not!
Hina: Huh? But the puzzles were all ultra obvious!
Marina: Ahaha. Only to you, Hina-chan!
Marina: Anyway, the riddles were fun, but your costumes were fabulous! They really captured the spirit of Halloween! Plus, they looked great on all of you! You guys were super adorable!
Hina: Really?! Yay~! I loved my outfit, too~♪
Hina: Speaking of which, you know how at like convenience stores and whatnot, sometimes the staff members wear costumes during holidays and stuff?
Marina: You mean like how they dress up like reindeer or Santa Claus during Christmas?
Hina: Yeah, that's what I'm talking about! You guys don't do that here~?
Marina: No, we don't. It sounds like a good time, but we've never done it before. Besides, it might be hard to choose what to dress up as.
Hina: Aww, but it'd be so much fun~! I got an idea! Why don't I pick what kind of costumes you two should wear?
Marina: You'd do that? Fufu, I'm kind of curious to know what you'd pick out for us!
Hina: Hmm~, for you, I think a witch would be great! You could put on a long, black robe and wear a pointy hat.
Marina: A witch, huh? I suppose that's not too embarrassing. Maybe I could try that.
Hina: Oh, but if you want a more mature look,  then you might want to go with a vampire!
Marina: But that seems kind of cool and sophisticated... I-I'm not sure I'd be able to pull that off.
Marina: Oh! But the little devil outfit you wore seemed nice, too! Maybe I'd like to try something like that.
Hina: Ahaha, then we would match~♪
Marina: Fufu, we sure would~. Awww, all the costumes seem great, it's really hard to choose one...
Hina: If that's the case, why not just mix them all together?!
Marina: Huh? M-mix them all together?!
Hina: Yeah! You can be a witch-vampire-devil~! How awesome would that be?
Marina: I-I wonder...
Hina: You can put on a vampire cape and don a witch's robe. And you can have little devil horns coming out of your head...
Marina: I-I'm imagining it now, and it sure is something else...
Hina: And you can have vampire fangs and a little demon tail sticking out!! Yup! Now we're boppin'♪
Marina: Whoa, hold your horses! I'm not sure I'm feeling very boppin' at all...!
Hina: What~? Really? What about you, {{userName}}-san? Are you boppin' yet?
Hina: You neither?! But why not~? Oh, I got it! We can add some devilish, long witch nails to the outfit...
Marina: H-Hina-chan, this costume you're brewing up is getting more and more out of hand as we speak~!!
