572_Hina Hikawa_R4 Join the Astronomy Club

Gacha phrase: Let's look at the stars together! I'll tell you all about them!

<The Mysterious Astronomy Club>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Astronomy Club]

Sayo: I figured this place would be a mess since you're the only one in the club, but... things are unexpectedly organized.
Hina: That's because I just finished cleaning up. Ehehe, I'm pretty on the ball, don'tcha think?
Sayo: Cleaning is a normal thing to do. Well, what do you need for the stargazing event?
Hina: Let's see~, first of all, we need the telescope, right? And... our planisphere! We can use it to quickly find the constellations.
Sayo: Oh, okay... So you can see the positions and directions of each of them.
Sayo: Even a beginner would have no problem finding whatever stars they're looking for if they used this.
Sayo: What else do you need?
Hina: I think we should bring the binoculars. There are a bunch inside that box.
Sayo: Binoculars? I thought you're supposed to use a telescope for stargazing.
Hina: People use binoculars too. You can get a better look at the stars, and that helps you see what color and how shiny they are.
Hina: Still, it's not gonna make things as big as a telescope would. You can't see how rough the surface of the moon is or the craters or anything like that...
Hina: Kokoro-chan said she would bring a telescope for the event as well, but it's not like we can get one for everyone...
Hina: So I think it would be more fun to be able to at least use the binoculars when looking at the stars.
Sayo: Yes, I agree with that assessment.
Sayo: It's much easier to transport them, and it seems like an easy way to help the students enjoy themselves. Those could be exactly what you need.
Hina: Ehehe, right~? There's a lot of other stuff we use for stargazing too.
Sayo: I'm not familiar with this kind of thing. Could you indicate what you need? I'll place them onto the cart.
Hina: Mhm! 'Kay, so we want the box of binoculars... What about flashlights...? Hmmm, maybe we don't need them since we'll be on the school roof.
Sayo: That flashlight has red cellophane on it. Is there a particular reason for that?
Hina: Yep, it's to dim the light!
Sayo: Why? I would assume a brighter light is always better...
Hina: Okay, so... When you're looking at stars, you do it in a dark place, and your eyes have to adjust first, right? Once they have, you can see even the tiny twinkles.
Hina: But if you see something bright again, your eyes will return to normal, you know? To keep that from happening, you use this red light!
Hina: The color is less intense, so it's good for when you're stargazing.
Sayo: There are certainly a lot of tricks to looking at stars... I'm honestly surprised.
Hina: Yeah. I mean, no one would normally put this on a flashlight.
Sayo: That's not what I'm referring to... I'm surprised by how informed you are about this.
Hina: Ehehe~♪ I am a member of the Astronomy Club, you know! Although, it's all just stuff I memorized from reading my senpai's notebooks.
Hina: Oh, that's right! You liked that one book, right?!
Sayo: Huh? I borrowed it, sure, but I never said anything about liking it...
Hina: Some are even more interesting than that one! Look at this!
Sayo: It says... "UFO Sightings Log"? What? I don't understand.
Hina: What do you mean? There's no special meaning! Every day at the same time, this student went looking for UFOs and took notes!
Sayo: UFOs? There's no way something like that exists.
Hina: Hm~, I can't comment on that, but I sure would like it if they did~. They would make the world much more interesting!
Hina: I'm sure this person agreed. Why else would they be so serious about this?!
Sayo: This sure is something... They recorded everything in painful detail: the weather, the temperature, the wind direction, even the humidity level.
Hina: Amazing, right?! There are two pages of notes for each day.
Sayo: Putting aside what the content of the writing is, at the very least, I can tell how passionate the writer was...
Hina: There are days when they found one too! Those days have way more writing than the rest!
Sayo: What? Th-that has to be a mistake...
Hina: There's also a book with reviews for every item from a candy store nearby.
Sayo: Does that have something to do with astronomy?
Hina: Nope, not at all. That student just really liked candy.
Sayo: I-I see... It would appear this club was created by some easygoing people...
Hina: Yeah! Isn't it interesting? Time flies by once I start looking at the stuff they left behind!
Sayo: ... I believe I've come to understand why you're so invested in this club.
Sayo: It's a place of comfort for you because the students who created it perceive things in a way that you somewhat identify with.
Hina: Ahaha, you might be right! The club is famous for attracting weirdos!
Sayo: I'm not sure I would be laughing... But... if you're okay with that, then that's fine.
Sayo: If it's so important to you, then you need to work hard to protect it.
Hina: Yeah, I know! That's the whole reason for this stargazing event!
Hina: I'll do my best to keep the club from running into any more trouble! I will absolutely, positively do everything in my power to make sure this doesn't happen again!
Sayo: I would hope so... Hm? This form... It's from the student council...
Hina: Ah! That's the thing they told me to fill out and turn in! Man, so that's where it was~.
Sayo: Look at this! You missed the due date!  This is exactly the kind of thing that got you in this mess in the first place!
Hina: S-sorry...
Sayo: Forget it! Just do it now! I can only imagine there are others around... We'll be doing a thorough inspection of the room!
Hina: O-okay~...


<My Big Sister>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Hina: Hey, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Working hard, or hardly working?
Marina: Good evening, Hina-chan. Wait, you're on your way home now? It's pretty late. You were at school all this time?
Hina: Mhm. I'm part of the Astronomy club! Can't see stars unless it's dark out, right?
Marina: Oh. Yeah, things can't start until the sun goes down.
Hina: It's so nice out today that I was able to clearly see the moon's craters from the school roof through the telescope!
Marina: Nighttime on the roof, huh? Sounds like a setting to behold.
Hina: Yep. It's a bit cold, but it's great for stargazing!
Hina: Just the other day, we had an event up there~! Way more people came than we were expecting, and I had a blast!
Hina: Everyone else had a great time too! Some of them even asked me to let them know the next time there's an event!
Marina: A gathering to look at the stars... So your astronomy club holds events like that as well.
Hina: Uhhh, I hadn't been doing anything like that, no. I guess you can say I tried it out because they said my club was in danger of being disbanded.
Hina: Oh, but it was so boppin'♪ I'd love to do it again if I had the chance.
Marina: Okay, okay~... Wait, 'disbanded'?!
Hina: Oh, yeah, there was a lot of commotion.
Hina: But thanks to Lisa-chi, Tsugu-chan, Kokoro-chan and my sister, everything's A-OK!
Hina: The stargazing event ended up being very successful, and they agreed that the Astronomy Club does participate in club activities!
Hina: There's no way I could have pulled off something that fun on my own~.
Marina: O-okay then. I don't completely follow, but it's nice to hear you can keep your club.
Hina: Ehehe, thank you!
Hina: Still, I didn't expect my sister to help out the way she did. It reminded me of when we were kids.
Marina: How so?
Hina: Well, she was always there for me when we were little.
Marina: So she's a wonderful sister who cares about her little sister.
Marina: Sayo-san to the rescue though...? That's a bit unexpected. I mean, when I think of you, I imagine someone who can do anything.
Hina: I tend to do okay, yeah... But when I was younger, I got lost a lot.
Hina: Whenever something caught my eye, I would go to it. Sis was nice enough to come looking for me.
Hina: When I got into arguments with kids at school and I had no idea why they were mad in the first place, Sis would see me thinking about what to do and step in to lend a hand.
Marina: So you've always been the same ol' Hina-chan. I think I can imagine Sayo-chan being like that too.
Hina: Things haven't changed. She's always been there to solve any problem. She's my hero!
Marina: Talking about her always gets you so excited. ... Fufu, so you agree, {{userName}}-san?
Hina: Oh, getting a phone call... It's my sister! 'Kay, time for me to go!
Marina: Be careful on your way home~.
Hina: Okay! See ya! Hello, Sis? Yep, I'm heading home now.
Hina: I ran into Marina-san and {{userName}}-san in front of the studio! I told them about the stargazing event, and we were talking about you!
