586_Hina Hikawa_R3 All's Well that Ends Well

Gacha phrase: Didn't you just say you want proof you can see?

<Things I Don't Know>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

[Idol Agency]

Hina: Wow~! Ah, yes. Now I see... Oh~! So that's what happens~.
Maya: Uhhh... Hina-san?
Hina: Hm? What? Is something wrong?
Maya: No, I just... That magazine you were reading. Is that the one I'm writing the column for?
Hina: Sure is~. I was going through your article just now!
Maya: Hahaha... I thought so... I'm glad you seem to be enjoying it...
Maya: As the writer, though, it's a little embarrassing to have someone read my work right in front of me...
Hina: Nah, don't be. You're just overthinking it.
Hina: Anyway, for someone who was only recently published, your pieces sure are a big hit!
Hina: The fan letters and emails are pouring in, aren't they?
Maya: Y-yes, they are... The fans all read my column with such dedication... And I've been able to learn so much from the letters I receive.
Hina: And you started a question-and-answer section, right? Look at this. The most recent issue has even more space for your column!
Hina: I heard from Aya-chan that it's all the rage online~.
Hina: Here, let me pull up some of the posts... Hm-hmmm... Found one. Get a load of how happy they are that you answered their question!
Maya: Ah, I... remember that person. They were torn on what sort of effects pedal to go with...
Hina: They said, "Thanks to your advice, I was able to buy a good effects pedal that seemed just right! I'll treasure it forever!"
Maya: Wow, forever...? Huhehe... I-I'm glad they found what they were looking for.
Hina: Man, your column sure is neat, Maya-chan! Not that I have any idea what it all means!
Maya: Hina-san enjoying something without needing to understand it... Yep, checks out.
Maya: I'm unfortunately unable to enjoy things that I don't understand, so I truly respect that side of you.
Hina: Huh~? You and I are completely different people though. Is it really that big of a deal?
Maya: I suppose you do have a point there...
Maya: Thanks to what happened, I was finally able to notice the difference between my concept of an ideal idol and how I really am... So much is clear to me now.
Maya: That has also led me to have a much better grasp of what my weaker areas are.
Maya: Everything felt just fine before, but you know, being completely aware of your shortcomings and seeing everything for what it is can be terrifying. Or unsettling, at the very least.
Maya: So I thought, "What if I could learn to enjoy things I don't understand like Hina-san does?" I figured that might help me keep my composure a little better...
Hina: Like I do? Hmmm, but you're not me, Maya-chan~.
Hina: Not to mention, the idea that you could understand everything doesn't sound right to me~.
Hina: If we're being honest here, before joining Pastel＊Palettes, I was pretty bored with everything. Day after day, just one dull thing after another.
Hina: It's not like I'm saying those things were bad. It was kinda like dealing with bland food that I don't like to eat.
Maya: Food that's bland? Uhhh, you mean those things didn't have what it takes to get you excited?
Hina: Yeah, I guess. A world where nothing changed. Not a single thing was boppin'♪
Hina: But now there's fun at every turn! Every single day is filled with the unknown!
Hina: Like Pastel＊Palettes! It's just a big bundle of stuff that doesn't make sense! No one acts how I expect they would!
Maya: S-so... I take it that's as a compliment?
Hina: You bet! Being in Pastel＊Palettes and hanging out with you guys is the best!
Maya: Hahaha... Well, I'm glad you're happy...
Hina: Anyway, I have a question about the newest column! Here! What does this part mean?
Maya: Which part? Ah, that's a famous drumming technique that can help measure your true ability based on whether or not you can pull it off.
Maya: First, you create a unique rhythm using the high hat. Then, you add ghost notes with the snare between your main notes. It's a simple technique, but it produces a bizarre groove that-
Hina: Hmmm...  I have no idea what you're talking about!
Maya: Huh?!
Hina: But this is fun! Keep teaching me more and more weird stuff!


<Worries>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Riverside]

Hina: Hey, it's {{userName}}-san. What're you up to~?
Hina: Shopping, huh? Nice~. I had gone out for the same reason, but...
Hina: Nothing caught my eye, so I'm heading back empty-handed~. So I guess my shopping trip was more like taking a walk.
Hina: So, did you read it? You know, the thing I mentioned.
Hina: Maya-chan's column, of course! I told you the other day about how she started writing for a magazine!
Hina: I have no idea what she's talking about in there~. And that's what makes it so interesting!
Hina: She's a total whiz when it comes to musical equipment, so much so that even the agency staff say they're learning new stuff from her writing.
Hina: Isn't that amazing?! I'm loving her column!
Hina: The writing process itself was a whole heap of trouble, though. Maya-chan was really put through the wringer.
Hina: Every day, she was looking down in the dumps. All the energy she usually has went poof and disappeared~.
Hina: See, according to her, she'd been worrying about whether she was being a proper idol for the longest time.
Hina: Going over what you write is normal, right? Well, it was like a mirror for her, and she had a serious case of self-reflection that made her worry a whole bunch.
Hina: Those kinds of feelings don't seem out of place for her.
Hina: I mean, if I'm being perfectly honest here, I was ready to ask her, "Why not quit, then?"
Hina: She just seemed to be in so much pain, you know?
Hina: She wasn't even aiming to be an idol when she originally joined Pastel＊Palettes. There's no reason for her to be in such pain in that case.
Hina: But I never actually asked her in the end~.
Hina: If Maya-chan quits the group, then it wouldn't be the same at all. And that would be so boring.
Hina: So now, I'm happy that I kept quiet. Besides, she's feeling much better!
Hina: Huh? I'm worried? About Maya-chan, you mean?
Hina: Yeah. I probably am.
Hina: I love Maya-chan and everyone else in Pastel＊Palettes, and I can't wait to have more and more fun with them!
Hina: That's why I'm so happy that she's feeling better!
Hina: Think of all the events and concerts Pastel＊Palettes is going to hold... So much boppin' fun to be had♪
Hina: You're dying to see all that excitement for yourself, aren't you, {{userName}}-san?
Hina: Go ahead and keep your expectations high, because we're gonna blow them right out of the water.
Hina: Alrighty, I'm outta here! Have a good one, {{userName}}-san~.
