671_Hina Hikawa_R4 Painful Parting

Gacha phrase: They must have come... to pick you up, Mo-chan.

<Hina's Doubt>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Idol Agency]

Hina: Aya-chan~! Hey there~!
Aya: Ah, Hina-chan... Good afternoon. Haven't seen you since we wrapped up filming.
Hina: Wow, that final scene was the last time we were together, huh?
Hina: It was pretty interesting stuff. All those people in one place felt like a crowded school festival or something.
Aya: Uh, I'm not sure if I'd go so far as to call it that...
Aya: But it is kind of the same in how it brings people together and makes them part of a bigger picture.
Hina: Ah, all this reminded me of something...
Hina: What's up with the mole people coming down to the surface in UFOs?
Aya: Well, it was that... Hollow Earth Theory, right? I'm pretty sure it was something like that...
Hina: Nah, that's not what I mean. I'm asking why creatures that live underground came down from the sky.
Hina: Wouldn't it make more sense for them to burrow up from the ground? Seems like what mole people would do.
Aya: S-sorry. I don't know much about how mole people act...
Hina: And that mysterious government agency! That didn't sit right with me, either~.
Hina: What were they going to do once they caught Mo-chan? And what does their agency do in the first place?
Hina: I tried asking the director, but I never got a proper answer.
Aya: I didn't know about that. What were you told?
Hina: Something about not stressing about unimportant details that don't show up in the movie... Then, some mumbling, and poof. Ran off.
Aya: I-I see...
Aya: But hey, doesn't that kind of missing info make it more interesting, though?
Aya: You can fill in the blanks with your imagination. And that can make for a hit movie.
Hina: Hmmm, that's a good point... Oh well. At least I had fun helping make it.
Aya: Yeah, same. It was hard work, but by the time it was over, I didn't want it to end.
Aya: It makes me feel kind of sad. Now it's all over... Oh, I mean, that's a wrap.
Hina: Ah~, okay. You just wanted to say, 'That’s a wrap', didn't you~?!
Aya: T-too obvious, huh...?
Hina: Hahaha, hopefully you'll get another chance to use the phrase.
Aya: Yeah. I'll make it sound even cooler next time!
Aya: Sigh... Talking about this with you reminds me of how fun being on a movie set was.
Hina: Hmmm... So why don't we stop by again? It's not too far from here!
Aya: Huh? Hina-chan, that's not what I meant...
Hina: Come on, slowpoke! It'll get dark if we don't hurry!
Aya: Ah! W-wait, Hina-chan! Don't pull my arm~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Movie Set]

Hina: Hey, where is everyone?
Aya: There's no way they're done filming yet, and the equipment is still here... but I don't see anyone around.
Aya: Hang on a second...
Hina: What's wrong?
Aya: I never noticed because of how lively it usually was around here, but now that it's quiet... this place is kind of scary...
Hina: What if a real mole person jumps out and attacks us?!
Aya: S-stop it, Hina-chan~!
Aya: ... Kyaaah!
Aya: H-Hina-chan, I heard something... from those bushes...
Hina: Ooo~! They've actually come?!
Aya: How can you be happy at a time like this?!
Eve: Aya-san...? Hina-san...?
Aya: Ahhh!!!
Hina: ... Oh, it's just Eve-chan.
Aya: Huh...? O-oh.. Phew... You scared me~. What're you doing out here?
Eve: I was looking over the photos that were taken while on set, and it made me want to come back...
Hina: To check out how things are, right? Hahaha, same as us!
Eve: So you had the same idea, then. I was thinking about the action scene we filmed at this very spot.
Aya: And Hina-chan elegantly caught the sword that slipped out of your hand... You were both so cool~!
Hina: It was perfectly placed and perfectly timed! Man, that was totally boppin'♪
Aya: Fufu, being back here has got me all fired up for some reason.
Hina: Yeah, me too! But I also remember something weird about the movie!
Aya: Huh...?
Hina: Come listen, Eve-chan!
Hina: Mo-chan was the only one piloting the UFO... But if it were really a survey mission, shouldn't there have been more mole people?
Eve: Uh, I suppose that makes sense...
Hina: Right?! Ah, and another thing...


<Beyond the Screen>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Ah! Look, look! New movie posters are up at the theaters! I can't wait to see that one~!
Marina: Ah, speaking of movies... did you hear about Pastel＊Palettes' film debut? In leading roles, no less...
Hina: Hello~! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Whoa, Hina-chan! You startled me~...
Hina: Hahaha! Sorry, my bad! Did you guys come to see a movie, too?
Hina: The rest of Pastel＊Palettes are coming to watch one with me~! It's directed by the same person who worked on our movie!
Marina: I see... We were only passing by, actually. Sounds like a lot of fun, though!
Marina: But yeah, we were actually just discussing your film. I'm still surprised that you all were given lead roles~.
Hina: I think the guys at the agency put in a lot of effort to make that happen. I have no idea how that works myself!
Marina: Fufu, I see. When is it scheduled for release?
Hina: Hmmm... When was it, again? I think someone told me, but I forgot.
Hina: Adding in all the CGI and editing and whatnot will probably take time, so I think there's still a ways to go~.
Marina: Wow, so they're adding CGI as well...! What would you say the best part of the film is?
Hina: Good question~. For me, it'd have to be... Aya-chan's performance!
Hina: She's always trying so hard. Because of that, her expressions are kind of over-the-top.
Hina: Like when we had our scene together, the way she acted had me cracking up~.
Hina: But it came out great in the end! All that effort she put in only helped make it better!
Marina: N-now you've got me curious... I hope I can see it soon~.
Hina: Let's see, what else...? I think you'll get a kick out of the action scene I had with Eve-chan!
Marina: Action?! I didn't know it had any of that!
Hina: It was supposed to be only her, but I jumped in and did some ad-libbing~!
Marina: An unrehearsed action sequence...?! Never heard of that, but I wouldn't expect any less from you.
Hina: It's a real boppin' scene♪ Look forward to it!
Marina: Yeah, I already am! Fufu, don't you feel the same way, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: It's so weird thinking about how we'll be watching you girls on the other side of the screen.
Hina: Ah, that reminds me! There's a screening where we'll be giving special introductions. I'll see if I can get you guys invitations!
Marina: What?! I'd love one, but... are you sure that's all right?
Hina: You bet! Just leave everything to me!
Hina: Whoops, I'd better be going! The others will be here any minute, so I'll catch you later!
