737_Hina Hikawa_R3 I Can't Wait Anymore!

Gacha phrase: At last~!! Summer vacation is finally here~!!

<Expanding Imagination>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa)

[The Beach]

Hina: Hmmm, don't see anything here. Maybe I should try over that way...
Aya: Is everything alright, Hina-chan? What are you looking for? Wait, did you drop something in the water?!
Hina: Nothing like that~. I'm searching for anything interesting that may have been left here!
Aya: Interesting...?
Hina: Sure, whatever I can find! Maybe something mysterious to tickle my brain.
Aya: Uhm... I don't really follow...
Hina: Let's see... Ah! See that big chunk of driftwood over there? There's a perfect example!
Aya: Hmmm... I'm still lost... What's so special about it?
Hina: There aren't many trees growing around here, right? It makes you wonder where this wood could have come from. Any guesses?
Aya: You know... Now that you mention it, I do wonder where it's from. I mean, it's definitely not from anywhere nearby.
Hina: The most boppin' thing we could find would be a message in a bottle!
Aya: Ah, that would be cool! Imagine writing a letter and trying to float it across the ocean!
Aya: In the movies, finding one on the beach means the start of an exciting adventure! That sounds so exciting.
Hina: Exactly. That's why I'm looking for something that can live up to those expectations. Come help me, Aya-chan.
Aya: I guess I could... but do you think it'll be that easy?
Hina: Oh! What's this?!
Aya: No way! You already found something?!
Hina: Come have a look at this rock, Aya-chan!
Aya: Uhhh... it's really flat and has a strange pattern on it, but... that's all I see.
Hina: This is no ordinary rock... The pattern you see is, in fact, archaic text left behind by a mysterious and ancient civilization!
Aya: What?! A-an ancient civilization?!
Hina: ... Well, it would be cool if that were true, anyway!
Aya: Wh-what in the... That serious expression you made totally had me fooled...
Hina: It's not impossible, right? Even if we're wrong, it's fun to imagine that we're right!
Aya: I-I guess that's kind of interesting, but an ancient civilization and all that is kind of unbelievable...
Hina: ... Uh-oh! Look out, Aya-chan! Something has washed ashore...!
Aya: Uhm... All I see is a big patch of kelp...
Hina: No, what you see before you... is in fact the tail of a creature from thousands of meters under the sea!
Hina: There is no doubt that it has come to conquer the surface world... enraged by mankind's pollution of the ocean...
Aya: ...
Hina: ... Hm? Aya-chan, why aren't you as surprised as before?
Aya: Because you just made that up, right?
Hina: And?
Aya: I knew it... If I didn't know any better, I'd say that all this mystery stuff you've been rambling on about... must mean that's your latest obsession.
Hina: Hehehe, you got me!
Hina: Remember that occult magazine from when we were filming the movie? I've been hooked ever since!
Hina: Every page is littered with weird stuff! From aliens to mole people, not to mention the secret ancient societies and deep-sea monsters~.
Hina: Did you know? The creatures destined to inherit the Earth after humans are none other than dolphins!
Aya: D-dolphins?! And how exactly will they do that?
Hina: No idea! But the fact that I don't know makes thinking about it all the more boppin'♪
Hina: The ocean is chock-full of interesting things! It'd be a waste to not look for them while we're here!
Aya: I-I suppose so... My image of a fun day at the beach is a little... No, a lot different...
Hina: Ah, that cave over there... It must lead to the mole people's secret underground base! Go scope it out, Aya-chan!
Aya: What?! Why me?!
Hina: Fine~! I guess it's up to me, then! Get ready to be blown away!
Aya: And there she goes... At least she's enjoying herself. That's all that matters... right?


<Interesting Creatures>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Hina: Whoa, I've never seen an animal like this one... Huh, I wonder where its eyes are.
Hina: Hm? Ah, {{userName}}-san! What are you up to~?
Hina: Who, me? I was checking out this poster here.
Hina: "Mysteries of the Deep!" The title alone is totally boppin'♪ I'm seriously getting an awesome vibe from it!
Hina: Ever since Pastel＊Palettes went to the beach the other day, I've been pretty interested in this stuff.
Hina: The ocean is such a big place that there must be a ton of things we don't know about it, right? That is so cool to me!
Hina: Huh? Our beach trip? Yeah, of course it was fun!
Hina: Sure, it was a little awkward at first. Chisato-chan didn't really want to be there, and Aya-chan was stressing over that.
Hina: I know that Chisato-chan is her own person, and all of us should just have fun in whatever way we want.
Hina: But it looks like Aya-chan couldn't figure that out...
Hina: In the end, though, it was thanks to her that... Wait, maybe I should say it was her fault... Anyway, Chisato-chan got in the water with us.
Hina: So yeah, everyone finally started having fun, and the trip turned out alright.
Hina: Aya-chan is funny like that. She somehow convinced that grumpy Chisato-chan to let loose and come join us~.
Hina: Speaking of interesting stuff, I found lots of cool sea creatures!
Hina: The ocean has all kinds of animals, doesn't it? It's got fish, crabs, jellyfish... Even the shellfish are pretty weird~.
Hina: I found this and that while walking on the beach and along the rocks, so I took a bunch of photos.
Hina: Their names might sound the same, but fish and jellyfish sure are different. Who do you think named them like that?
Hina: Crabs and shellfish live in the same place, and they're totally different too. Why is that?
Hina: Thinking about that kind of stuff makes me want to dive as deep as I can go! Now that would be fun!
Hina: I bet the bottom of the ocean is totally boppin'♪
Hina: Hey, {{userName}}-san! Want to see the pictures I took? It's a collection of all the animals I saw!
Hina: There were tons of fish, a hermit crab, a bunch of shellfish~... Oh, get a load of this one!
Hina: This bug is seriously gross! I have no idea what it's called, though. Do you?
Hina: Don't worry, we still have bunches and bunches of photos to go through!
Hina: ... Hm? Wait, why are you sneaking off like that?
Hina: Come on, don't bail on me just yet! Okay, so this one is...
