761_Hina Hikawa_R4 What is it, Tsugu-chan?

Gacha phrase: That'd be fantastic! Now we're boppin'!

<If That Person...>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: Huh? Somebody's already here. I'm usually the first to arrive...
Tsugumi: Huh? Hina-senpai...? She's got such a serious expression on her face... Is she writing something for student council?
Tsugumi: Hello, Hina-senpai. You're here early.
Hina: Ah, Tsugu-chan! Perfect timing!
Tsugumi: Are you doing paperwork? I can help if you'd like!
Hina: No worries~. I was just thinking about what would happen if Kaoru-kun was the student council president.
Tsugumi: ... What?
Hina: Ah, I didn't just do Kaoru-kun either. I did one for Lisa-chi too!
Tsugumi: U-uhm... Is that what you were writing about?
Hina: You bet. I did the same thing with a whole bunch of different people. It was a lot of hard work~.
Tsugumi: U-uhh... Why did you do that...?
Hina: Huh? Because it's fun, of course. I've always wondered what kind of school it would be with someone else as president.
Hina: For example, I bet if Kaoru-kun was president, all the books in the library would be replaced with Shakespeare.
Tsugumi: Th-there's no way that would happen~.
Hina: Alright, what about this? If Tomoe-chan was president, then the school bell would be replaced with taiko drums!
Tsugumi: Taiko drums?! Fufufu.
Hina: That would totally happen, right?
Tsugumi: No way. Tomoe-chan's surprisingly serious about that kind of stuff.
Hina: Aww~, and I worked so hard on that too~. In that case, why don't you take a look at the rest of these and tell me which ones you can picture happening?
Tsugumi: Wow, you really wrote a lot... This must have taken a while...
Tsugumi: Hmm~... I can't really picture any of these...
Tsugumi: Ah, except this one!
Hina: Which one?
Tsugumi: This one about Maya-senpai.
Hina: Ah, that one! Yeah, I think she'd set up a time after school for students to try out new instruments!
Tsugumi: That just seems like something Maya-senpai would do.
Hina: Right?! Isn't this fun? Come on, Tsugu-chan, think up some more stuff with me~!
Tsugumi: Huh? Me?
Hina: I wanna hear what you think would happen~. Come on, join me~.
Tsugumi: A-alright.
Hina: Yippee~! Okay, what do you think would happen if Ran-chan was president?
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, huh...? Well, maybe we'd have a flower-arranging class...
Hina: Ahahaha! That sounds so cool! I think she'd make all the students get highlights in their hair!
Tsugumi: H-highlights?! Ran-chan wouldn't do that.
Hina: I know, but this is just me trying to think of fun stuff that could happen. Imagine how boppin'♪ mandatory highlights would be.
Tsugumi: ...
Hina: Ah! The color of the highlights could be different based on your year in school too!
Tsugumi: Fufufu... Don't you think that's a little too far-fetched?
Hina: Alright, then what about Moca-chan?
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, huh~?
Hina: I think she'd change the cafeteria menu to all buns. Can't have Moca-chan without buns, after all.
Tsugumi: Hmm~, I see what you mean... But I think she'd want more variety.
Tsugumi: Hmm~, maybe she'd create some kind of point card for the cafeteria. Ah, for example, if you got a question right in class, you'd get points.
Hina: Ahaha, now that's interesting~! Okay then, what about Himari-chan?!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan would change our morning chant to "Hey, hey, hoh~!"
Hina: Ahahaha, that's great! Sounds super boppin'♪ to me!
Hina: Let's keep going! Next up is Yukina-chan! I think she'd...


<Always Boppin' In My Heart>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Hina: Marina-san~! {{userName}}-san~!
Marina: Hina-chan! Hello!
Hina: I know this is sudden, but do you have any ideas for how I can make my school more boppin'♪?
Marina: Your school, huh...? Did something happen?
Hina: I'm student council president at my school, remember?!
Hina: Lately, I've been doing all sorts of stuff to make my school more boppin'♪
Marina: I see. What have you done so far?
Hina: Well~, I got the cafeteria to do a buffet once a month, and gave Kaoru-kun a program during lunchtime...
Marina: Fufu, that sounds like a lot of fun. I wish I could have gone to a school with you as student council president.
Hina: Right~? Still, no matter how boppin'♪ I make the school, it always feels like there's more I could do.
Marina: Oho~, somebody sounds dedicated. Is that why you came to us?
Hina: It sure is! So? Any ideas?!
Marina: Hmm~... Sorry! I can't think of anything right now. What about you, {{userName}}-san?
Hina: Aww~, you don't have any ideas either? Oh well. If you come up with anything, let me know!
Marina: Okay! Ah, actually, what about CiRCLE? Any boppin'♪ ideas for us?
Hina: Ah, I did think of something the last time I was here!
Marina: Did you? Then let's hear it!
Hina: I always get so bored while waiting for my sister in the lounge. It'd be great if you played a movie or something in there!
Marina: A movie, huh~? There are a lot more people using the lounge now. Playing a movie might be nice for our customers.
Marina: Ah, I've got it! Since it might be hard to get a movie, why don't we play videos of your concerts?
Hina: Our concerts?
Marina: Yeah. I'm sure everyone would love to see their concerts on a big screen.
Marina: It might also introduce your bands to customers who haven't been to one of your shows.
Hina: Ah, then I'd be able to see my sister's concerts too, right?!
Hina: That's a great idea! Totally boppin'♪
Marina: Fufu, then I'll talk to the owner when I have a chance. Any other ideas?
Hina: Yeah, a whole bunch are coming to mind! Like for instance...
