800_Hina Hikawa_R2 Fresh Hop

<Each Member's Role>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: Alrighty, we're done with rehearsals! I'm stopping the camera, okay~?
Maya: Good work today, everyone! I thought that last part went really well!
Aya: Me too! Our music felt more powerful than ever!
Aya: Maya-chan's drumming was especially good! I felt like I was carried along by the rhythm. It made it really easy to sing!
Maya: Really!? Huhehe... That's good to hear!
Hina: Aya-chan was super stiff at first though, with the camera rolling and everything~.
Aya: Yeah, I forgot how we do things normally for a bit there. Luckily, you all helped me relax! Thanks, everyone!
Hina: You're an open book to us, Aya-chan. We totally understand you~. If you tense up again, we'll help you loosen up, okay?
Maya: Yeah! And I hope you'll all do the same for me as well!
Maya: It's just like exercising. When your body's stiff, you won't be able to perform as well as normal.
Aya: You're always really careful about stretching, right?
Maya: That's because drumming is a full-body workout. It would be really bad if I cramped up in the middle of a performance! Stretching is something I absolutely won't skimp on!
Hina: Full-body workout, huh~...? Now that I think about it, Maya-chan, you're really good at drums, but don't you suck at sports?
Maya: Ah... I can't deny that... Although I don't really get it myself...
Maya: I'm super slow at running, and if I try to swim I just start to sink... I was especially bad with the horizontal bar in elementary school. I spent ages practicing how to flip backwards on one.
Hina: Backflips on the bar are super easy! You just go, like, bam! Huff! And then you just go, whee! And you're done, right?
Aya: H-hold on... What?
Maya: Um... So the "bam!" part is supposed to be where you kick off the ground, right? Then the "huff" is where you stick to the bar with your body, and "whee" is the spinning part, correct?
Hina: Yeah, that's what I meant! Look at that~, Maya-chan, you've already got it.
Maya: Only sort of... Besides, even if I've got the mental image, my body just can't keep up~...
Hina: Hmm, I don't know about that. Ah, speaking of elementary school, didn't we play dodgeball too? I was a pretty big dodgeball fan~.
Aya: I bet you were really good at it, Hina-chan. I was terrible at it... I spent the whole time running away...
Maya: I was the same way. I couldn't grab any balls so I just ran from all of them. Before I knew it, I'd be the last one standing on my team...
Aya: Exactly! You want to get hit so you can get out, but that's scary, so you end up running away.
Hina: Come on, all you have to do is grab the ball like, shoop! Then you chuck it to hit them like, bam!
Maya: I can't do that, so that's why I run~. Hina-san, you seem like you'd be an ace at dodgeball.
Hina: Umm, but I'd get hit a lot trying to get the balls too, you know. Although, if I ever got out, I'd just tag someone with a ball and get back in right away.
Aya: Hina-chan, I knew it, you're amazing!
Maya: Th-that's our Hina-san... The game revolves around her...
Hina: Oh, hey, hey, what about that one? The one that's like basketball, except the goal is a person standing on a stool!
Maya: Portball! Now that brings back memories! I was the goal person a lot!
Hina: I think I can see it! You seem like the goal person type!
Aya: Wow! Weren't you afraid of the ball?
Maya: You know, it's weird, but in portball, since it's your teammates throwing the ball to you, I was strangely okay with it~.
Maya: Plus, if you're the goal person, you just have to stand there and catch the ball, so you don't have to think that hard. Huhehe...
Aya: I guess if you think about it that way, it's a pretty easy position. And if it's Maya-chan, I'd feel reassured that you'd be able to catch anything I threw at you!
Hina: It's just like our band, isn't it? Even if we're off-tempo, Maya-chan's drums are always there to keep us on beat!
Aya: That's true. When I'm singing, I feel like Maya-chan's drumming has my back, just like today during practice.
Maya: I-is that so...? Huhehe...
Hina: It is! And only you can do that! It's like everyone in Pastel＊Palettes has their own role to fulfill~.
Aya: Huh? Then what role do I have?
Hina: Aya-chan, you're... our fluffy leader!
Aya: Aww! Come on, couldn't you at least call me reliable inste- No, I guess not, huh~?
Maya: Ahaha, fluffy is just fine, isn't it? It's perfect for us as Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: Oooh... I guess you're right!
Hina: Right, anything's fine as long as we're having fun! The five of us will keep things boppin'♪


<Favorite Video>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Residential Area]

Hina: Oh, hey, if it isn't {{userName}}-san! What are you doing here?
Hina: Me? I'm on my way home from school.
Hina: More importantly, did you see Aya-chan's video? You know, the special close-up. It's super good~!
Hina: We were the ones filming the whole thing. I was the camera person on the first day when we filmed our lessons!
Hina: Aya-chan was really nervous, so she got really stiff. Her eyebrows were all scrunched up like, "grrr."
Hina: I mean, that part was still very Aya-chan, but there was no way she was gonna be able to practice, so we helped her relax just a little bit.
Hina: After that, she was able to laugh and smile again like she always does! ...So? How about it? You wanna watch it now, don't you?
Hina: People really come up with the most interesting stuff~. I can't believe they did a special close-up on Aya-chan. I mean, Aya-chan's always Aya-chan! Ah, maybe that was the point!
Hina: We recorded a magazine photo shoot, band practice, a concert,  and all sorts of stuff... But you know, personally, I wanna see even more Aya-chan~.
Hina: Aya-chan's expressions are all over the place, and she's always doing stuff that you'd never expect. I never get bored watching her.
Hina: Plus whatever she's thinking shows on her face! The video's full of that and other good Aya-chan quirks!
Hina: Hm? What would happen if they did a special close-up on me? Of course I'd do all sorts of boppin♪ stuff!
Hina: First, I'd have everyone follow me around as I do a bunch of things, and then, while everyone's watching, I'd try to make everyone feel boppin'♪
Hina: Just like how I felt after watching Aya-chan's video!
Hina: Actually, I've got that video saved on my phone~. I watch it every day, but no matter how many times I see it, I never get tired of it! That's our Aya-chan for you!
Hina: Hey, {{userName}}-san, do you wanna watch it together? I bet it'll be tons more fun with my special commentary added!
Hina: And once you're done, make sure to tell Aya-chan what you thought when you meet her next, okay?
Hina: I know she'd be super happy~! You might be able to get a real good reaction outta her depending on what you tell her, too. Fufu.
