816_Hina Hikawa_R3 Excited President

<Interesting Connection>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Idol Talent Agency]

Hina: "... I don't care about my childhood memories. I've rid myself of the past!"
Hina: ... Was that the line Chisato-chan said? Childhood memories...
Hina: I wonder if I even have any of those...
Aya: Good morning~. Ah, you're here already, Hina-chan?
Chisato: You're early today.
Hina: Aya-chan, Chisato-chan, good morning. I have something I want to ask you both, is that okay?
Aya: Yeah, what's wrong?
Hina: Do you two have any memories you'd rather not remember? Look, remember when you were practicing your lines the other day, Chisato-chan? That one line got me thinking~.
Chisato: Ahh... You mean "... I don't care about my childhood memories. I've rid myself of the past!" Right?
Hina: That's the one! It got me thinking... I wonder if I have any memories that I want to throw away...
Aya: For me, maybe it would be my first performance... I don't really want to remember that.
Chisato: That was... Y-yeah.
Aya: But I think I'm mostly over it now, so maybe not. I used to be scared to even bring it up before.
Hina: Yeah, you were. I think you've gotten past it now.
Chisato: Do you have any memories like that, Hina-chan? Bitter ones.
Hina: Hmm~... Not really~. I think all memories are good ones.
Aya: You're very lucky to think that way.
Chisato: Maybe it's just because you always see the positive side of things.
Hina: You think so?
Hina: Ah, that's right. I wanted to ask you something related to all of this, Chisato-chan!
Hina: You were childhood friends with Kaoru-kun, right? I wanna hear about that!
Aya: Ah, now that you mention it, she was. I want to know what you two were like when you were little.
Chisato: I don't think it's really that interesting though. We had a pretty normal childhood.
Hina: But you guys used to play together, yeah?
Chisato: Well, yeah. We used to take Leon on walks and play make-believe.
Aya: Chisato-chan and Kaoru-san playing make-believe...? I bet you took it really seriously!
Hina: Yeah, they probably played with a proper cast and set!
Aya: Maybe they even had a full storyline planned out like a TV drama!
Chisato: Fufu, we definitely didn't do that. We just used to read scripts to each other.
Aya: Huh, but wasn't this when you were in elementary school?
Chisato: Yes, it was. We went to different middle schools.
Aya: You used to read scripts together at that age...? Well, I guess that's not so hard to believe.
Hina: It sounds like fun though! I want to read scripts with Kaoru-kun too!
Chisato: Ah... I do have one funny story.
Hina: Tell us, tell us!
Chisato: One time, Kaoru came to my house and I brought out a plate of dacquoise, but Kaoru thought they were related to ducks.
Chisato: When I asked her what she thought the "quoise" part meant... she just changed the subject by saying, "it is but that."
Aya: Ahaha, so Kaoru-san has said that phrase ever since elementary school?
Hina: That's so Kaoru-kun! Ahaha, that's funny!
Chisato: At her core, Kaoru hasn't really changed at all since then.
Aya: I wish I could've seen you two when you were in elementary school. Were you more or less the same as now?
Chisato: Fufu, I wonder.
Chisato: Enough about me, I want to hear about Hina-chan's childhood memories next.
Hina: Huh? Me?
Aya: Ah, I wanna hear them! Tell us about your memories with Sayo-chan!
Hina: Okay, sure! I'll tell you everything~!
Chisato: I can't imagine Sayo-chan as a kid. I'm so curious.
Aya: Yeah, me too. I can't wait for Hina-chan's stories.
Hina: Where should I begin~? I suppose I could start with this one story...


<Unchanging Parts>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Hina: What's this? It's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Hi, Hina-chan. Why're you wearing your uniform? Do you have school today?
Hina: Yeah! The theater club's performance is today, so I'm going along to help as part of the student council.
Marina: That's right, you're the student-council president, aren't you?
Hina: Yes! I am~. Oh, did you forget or something?
Marina: Fufu, I tend to forget when I think about who you normally are.
Marina: But being the president must be quite tiring. I didn't realize you even had to help with the theater club's performances.
Hina: It's not that big of a responsibility, though. I just have to watch over it, that's all.
Hina: And if anything actually happens, Tsugu-chan and such will handle it.
Hina: And I'm really looking forward to seeing Kaoru-kun's play anyway! So it's really not a problem for me~.
Marina: You say that now, but Kaoru-san is performing, right? I bet it will be packed...
Hina: Apparently they made tickets this time so that people from outside of the school could come too. Ah, but the tickets were free of course.
Hina: That's why I don't think it's going to be a big crowded mess~. Although, we did run out of tickets.
Marina: That's nice that people from outside of your school can come. Does that mean the other members of Hello, Happy World! will come too?
Hina: I wonder. Maybe they're coming today! Ah, Chisato-chan told me she got a ticket!
Hina: No matter what they go through, growing up together keeps them close~. Ah, Chisato-chan also told me this the other day, but apparently Kaoru-kun has always been the way she is!
Hina: When she told me that, I felt so relieved! Like, Kaoru-kun is Kaoru-kun.
Marina: Fufu. It is a relief to hear that some things never change. I guess even more so if you're childhood friends.
Hina: It's like that with sisters too! Sis has some things about her that haven't changed since we were kids.
Marina: Oh, what kind of things?
Hina: She's kind, and she's really helpful! She's always been like that.
Marina: What about you Hina-chan? What parts of you have stayed the same over the years?
Hina: Me? Hmm... I'm not really sure.
Hina: Enough about me, I wanna hear more about when you and {{userName}}-san were little!
Marina: What? You want to hear about us?
Hina: Ah, but I wanna know more about Aya-chan, Eve-chan, and Maya-chan too...! And I wanna hear old stories about the girls in other bands!
Hina: I'm gonna ask everyone I meet today~!
Marina: Fufu, this curiosity of yours is probably one part of you that hasn't changed.
Hina: You think so? ... You might be right!
Hina: ... Ah! Look at the time! Tell me more about your childhood next time, okay~?!
