842_Hina Hikawa_R4 Boppidy Bop Boppin'♪

Gacha phrase: Having everyone in the band do something together makes it feel special!

<Portrait Memories>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: I thought I had put it away in my closet, but... it's not there.
Sayo: It's not here either. Perhaps inside this box... Ah, here. One, two, three... There are more than I thought.
Hina: Sis, I ran out of lead in my pencil. Lend me some of yours.
Sayo: Hina, how many times have I told you to knock before you enter someone's room?
Hina: Okay~. Huh? What're you doing in the closet?
Sayo: I was looking for something. Do you remember this, Hina?
Hina: Ah! That's the picture I drew for you, right?
Sayo: Yes. It was our summer homework. I see you do remember.
Hina: Of course I do. This makes me feel good. I can't believe you kept it all these years.
Sayo: Of course I did. I don't throw away gifts.
Hina: Oh, okay♪ Hey, let me get a closer look.
Sayo: Be careful you don't rip it.
Hina: Mhm... Wow, this takes me back. Do you remember that day?
Hina: When I was drawing you, you would freeze instantly every time I asked you to stop moving.
Sayo: I remember. That was very difficult. You certainly took your time drawing me, so I had to stay still for so long.
Hina: Wait, did I really take that long?
Sayo: Yes, you did. About an hour or so.
Hina: Huh... Whoa, there was this picture too. Look, it's you drawn from a lower angle.
Hina: Oh, your chin looks funny from this angle, Sis. Does it still look like that now?
Sayo: Cut it out. You can't just stare at people's faces like that.
Hina: Aww, come on, let me look just a little.
Sayo: No. Good grief... Sigh. I just remembered something.
Sayo: At that time, I believe you said "your chin looks funny from this angle, Sis" right before you began drawing.
Sayo: I really don't understand how you think. Normal people don't think things like that when they draw portraits.
Hina: You think so? I just wanted to draw lots of different sides of you anyway.
Hina: Ah, that's right! Wait here a second...!
Sayo: Hina?
Hina: I'm back! Ta-da! It's the picture you drew of me!
Sayo: So you did hold onto it. And you found it so quickly too.
Hina: I still pull it out and look at it sometimes, so I put it somewhere easy to reach.
Sayo: You still look at it?
Hina: Yeah. Looking at this picture makes me feel kinda happy.
Hina: Probably because you worked so hard on it, Sis. I can feel all of your emotions through it.
Sayo: ... Did I really work that hard on it?
Hina: You did. Here, look at the eyes! Can't you see how many times you redid them?
Sayo: You're right... It was so long ago, so I don't really remember, but... It was homework, so I probably kept at it until I was satisfied.
Hina: Hehe, I know that's not your only reason.
Sayo: What ever do you mean? You are a strange girl.
Hina: Ehehe. But why did you even pull these out in the first place?
Sayo: The other day, Yamato-san and the others asked me about your phrase, "boppidy bop boppin'."
Hina: They did? They asked you?!
Sayo: Yes. They said they wanted to make you some "boppidy bop boppin'" chocolates, and they wanted me to tell them what I knew about it.
Sayo: When we were talking, I told them about these pictures, which made me wonder where I had put mine.
Sayo: But now I wonder why they even asked me about that. They may have said "boppidy bop boppin'," but how am I supposed to know what kind of chocolates they are?
Hina: Hmm, you sure you don't know?
Sayo: Of course I'm sure. I'm always telling you this, but you need to explain things more clearly when you speak.
Hina: Okay~.
Sayo: Why do you look so happy?
Hina: Because Maya-chan and the others thought to turn to you to ask about me!
Hina: It's so boppin' that I have people who want to understand me that much!
Sayo: ... Yes. You have been blessed with great band members. Make sure you take good care of them.
Hina: Of course! I love Pastel＊Palettes!
Hina: Ah, and I love you too, Sis! So I'll take super-duper good care of you.
Sayo: Yeah, yeah. Anyway, I am going to take a bath now.
Hina: Ah, wait a minute, Sis!
(Black cut)


<My Place>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Are you ready? Then let's go buy the equipment.
Hina: Hey~, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Ah, hello, Hina-chan!
Hina: Just in time! Look at this photo.
Marina: A photo? ... Wow, what cute chocolates!
Hina: I know right. I got them the other day from Maya-chan and the others.
Marina: Did you give each other chocolates on Valentine's Day or something?
Hina: Sort of but not really. We did a Valentine's segment on a web show!
Hina: Basically, I said that I wanted to eat some boppidy bop boppin' chocolates, so they all made me some.
Marina: B-boppidy bop boppin'... chocolates?
Hina: Ahaha! That's exactly how they reacted.
Hina: Is it really that weird? They're just boppidy bop boppin' chocolates.
Marina: I don't get it. But Maya-chan and co. understood you, right? What great friends.
Hina: Yeah, but apparently it took them a while.
Hina: I found out afterward, but they secretly asked Sis and Tsugu-chan about what boppidy bop boppin' means.
Marina: Oh, they did? They must have really wanted to please you.
Hina: Right? I feel so loved.
Marina: Fufu, fair enough. You really are loved.
Hina: They're a strange bunch.
Marina: Strange? How so?
Hina: All they had to do was make chocolate, but they went around asking people about me instead!
Hina: They also went to look at the Valentine's Day Corner, and they practiced their recipes before the recording.
Hina: It feels good that they put that much effort in for me, but they did so much. It's weird.
Marina: You say that now, but if you were in their shoes, wouldn't you do the same?
Hina: Well, yeah. I do love them after all.
Hina: Having friends like them makes me feel really glad that I'm a part of Pastel＊Palettes.
Hina: Like this is where I belong!
Marina: It's great to belong somewhere.
Hina: Yeah! ... Ah, it's getting late!
Hina: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, I have work soon, so I'm gonna go.
Marina: Ah, that's right. Good luck!
Hina: Thanks! Bye-bye!
