1077_Hina Hikawa_R4 Little Gemini

Gacha phrase: It's so bright... But so pretty...!

<Guiding Light>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Riverside]

Hina: You know, this place feels really dark after looking at that tree.
Hina: I mean, all the lights were so glittery. Maybe my eyes got used to them.
Sayo: Perhaps. I feel like I can see the stars more clearly than usual.
Hina: I know, right? Boy, that tree was so amazing~.
Sayo: ... You said the same thing back then.
Hina: Hahaha, I did? You mean the time I got lost?
Sayo: Yes, the day we bought fries on the way back and got scolded by Mother.
Hina: Oh, yeah. We did, didn't we?
Hina: The tree was also really pretty back then, and you came and found me...
Hina: Hehehe, it was just like today! Ah, why don't we get fries again, like last time?
Sayo: No. We will not be able to eat dinner if we do that.
Hina: Aww, and I was gonna eat your carrots for you and everything...
Sayo: You- Come on, or else I will leave you behind.
Hina: Coming~.
Sayo: ...
Hina: ... Hey.
Sayo: What is it?
Hina: Can I come to your room after dinner?
Hina: I wanna play that song with you.
Sayo: ... Okay... But don't you want to practice it first?
Hina: Nuh-uh, I don't need to practice. You wrote my part for me, right?
Hina: That means I'll be able to play it for sure!
Sayo: ... I guess.
Hina: Yeah! Thanks so much!
Hina: ... Oh, yeah! I'll give you your present now!
Hina: Here ya go~!
Sayo: Thank you... Is it alright if I open it?
Hina: Of course! In fact, I want you to open it now!
Sayo: ...
Sayo: Is this... a lantern?
Hina: Bingo~! By the way, it's electric!
Sayo: Ah... It has a very simple yet charming design.
Hina: Right~? When I saw it in the store, I just knew it was the one!
Sayo: But... why did you get this?
Hina: You know how you've been working really hard recently?
Hina: Studying and practicing the guitar until late at night...
Hina: Whenever I saw you doing stuff like that, I wanted to come and cheer you on directly...
Hina: But interrupting felt like a bad thing to do. That's why I'm gonna have the lantern cheer you on in my place.
Sayo: ... I see. Should I assume there is a reason why you chose a lantern?
Hina: You bet! And now it's time for me to show off my knowledge of constellations~!
Hina: Alright, first, look up at the sky!
Sayo: ...?
Hina: See, over there. That's Gemini, and you see, the lantern has to do with that~...
Sayo: ... Does this perhaps have to do with St. Elmo's Fire?
Hina: ...!
Sayo: If I recall... it occurs during poor weather conditions and causes objects to light up.
Sayo: According to stories told by sailors of old, seeing St. Elmo's Fire was supposed to be a sign that your journey would be a safe one.
Hina: Wow, you're amazing! You knew that?!
Sayo: ... I remembered learning about it during the stargazing event.
Hina: Oh, so that's why~! You're so smart!
Hina: It's just as you said. This is also supposed to work as a good luck charm.
Hina: St. Elmo's Fire is said to have helped Pollux and Castor during their adventure!
Hina: According to the story, there should be two lanterns, and it's supposed to be more zappity and stuff...
Hina: But yeah, I'm just hoping the lantern will help light your way when you're working so hard~!
Sayo: ... Thank you. That means I must work harder so I can be worthy of the help the lantern offers.
Hina: What?! You're gonna work even harder~?
Hina: I don't mind, but make time to spend with me once in a while, okay?
Sayo: Yes, of course... After all, I think I can finally see the path I must walk to reach my goal.
Hina: ...? Did you say something?
Sayo: No, I did not. Let's go home now. I am sure everyone is waiting for us.
Hina: Okay! You're probably right!
Hina: Our Christmas is only getting started, after all!
(White cut)


<A "Merry" Christmas>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Hm? Is that... Hina-chan?
Hina: Ah, Marina-san! And {{userName}}-san! Merry Christmas!
Marina: M-Merry Christmas...? Uhh, isn't Christmas over already?
Hina: Oopsie, my bad! I've gotten so used to saying it to everyone I see lately.
Hina: It's become a habit.
Marina: Hehe, I see. Since you got to say it so much, I guess that means you had a great Christmas?
Hina: Mmhmm! It was the bestest Christmas ever!
Hina: Of course, I enjoyed hanging out with everyone in Pastel＊Palettes, but I enjoyed spending Christmas with my sister the most~.
Marina: Ah, you celebrated Christmas with Sayo-chan? By the way, I heard you sent a message to her during a live broadcast...
Hina: Yeah, I did~! That was fun too!
Hina: But Chisato-chan really chewed me out about it, so I don't think I can pull that one again...
Marina: Well, it would end up causing trouble for a lot of people... What made you do it in the first place?
Hina: You see, I wanted to spend Christmas with my sister.
Hina: And I wanted to get in touch with her, but my phone's battery was dead.
Hina: So I decided to just speak to her directly!
Marina: I see. So, were you able to see her?
Hina: Yep! I did! And she even gave me a present~!
Hina: It was a song we could play together! I was so happy~!
Marina: Wow, nice! That sounds like a lovely present!
Hina: Right? I love the way my sister plays the guitar, but...
Hina: I never really knew how she felt about the way I play mine.
Hina: That's why the fact that she said she wanted to play with me made me so happy.
Marina: I see. I suppose you don't get many chances like that when you're in different bands.
Hina: Yeah. It wasn't like it was the first time we'd practiced together... but it's not every day that I get to play a song written just for us.
Hina: It made me feel so boppidy bop boppin'♪
Hina: I wish every day could be Christmas~.
Marina: Hehe. If that were the case, it might not feel so special. It's the fact that it's only once a year that gives it its charm, I think.
Hina: Hmm... Yeah, I guess so!
Hina: I hope next year's Christmas is gonna be just as much fun~!
