1126_Hina Hikawa_R3 Spreading the Boppin’♪

<Advice on Hosting Radio♪>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3B]

[Recess]

Maya: Eve-san seems quite down...
Hina: Yeah. I wish her show was better at showing off her best qualities. It would've been so much more interesting.
Maya: That's why I was hoping we could make a proposal that would better showcase her talents...
Hina: Eve-chan's talents, huh~? What if you show them some videos of our concerts or All Fun and Games?
Hina: Eve-chan is really boppin' on stage, and she works pretty hard during recordings too.
Maya: Hmm, surely the staff have already watched those, though.
Maya: Ah, what do you think about introducing them to Eve-san's model work? We might be able to show them her many sides with all the different clothing and concepts.
Hina: Talking about visuals on the radio? I don't think it would really work.
Maya: You have a point... This is harder than I thought it would be.
Kaoru: Salutations, my little kittens. Could you lend me your ears while you feast on your delectable lunches?
Kaoru: Let us spend a fleeting time together with "Shakespeare with Kaoru Seta."
Maya: Ah, the lunchtime broadcast has started.
Hina: Kaoru-kun's show is so popular! I bet she gets loads of letters.
Maya: It seems like it. Most of it seems to be people asking for advice... or asking her questions, at least.
Hina: Advice, huh...? I've got a boppin' idea♪ Maya-chan, let's go see Kaoru-kun!
Maya: Right. If we ask Kaoru-san, she might give us some good advice!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Hina: ... So that's basically what's happening. What do you think, Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: ... I see. This is a most vexing conundrum.
Hina: The radio staff don't get Eve-chan at all.
Hina: Eve-chan would never say, "That is unacceptable. You must work harder" to her listeners.
Kaoru: That is true. How do you think Eve-chan would answer?
Hina: As a warrior, I shall work hard alongside you! Or something like that, no?
Maya: Yes. I feel like Eve-san would tell them she would work together with them.
Hina: That letter you read just before during your broadcast... What was it? "I always procrastinate with my homework until the very last moment. What should I do?"
Hina: If it were Eve-chan answering, she'd probably say "I also tend to procrastinate, but at times like this, you should ask a smart friend to help. Bushido!"
Kaoru: It is the same question, yet the answer changes depending on the person. I suppose it depends on what each person finds fleeting.
Maya: Do you really think so...?
Hina: Yeah, yeah, that's it! You get it, Kaoru-kun.
Kaoru: Then let us consider another letter. For example... "I was scolded by my teacher. Please comfort me."
Hina: These things happen. Don't worry about it! Bushido! Yeah?
Maya: Huh...?
Hina: Ah... I see. That's it!
Hina: Hey, Maya-chan. Eve-chan without bushido isn't Eve-chan at all, and that's why I didn't think her show was very boppin'♪
Hina: Now that I think about it, I don't think Eve-chan said "Bushido!" even once in her first show.
Maya: I see...! So it has become a radio show without the feel of Eve-san's precious bushido mentality.
Maya: Bushido is an essential word when describing Eve-san's personality. If we could convey to the staff how important this is to her...
Hina: Then they'd probably understand Eve-chan's good qualities!
Hina: I don't really get it, but Eve-chan is most boppin' when she says "as a warrior," or "Bushido!"
Hina: I'm sure the fans are waiting for that Eve-chan to come back.
Kaoru: Fufu... It appears you have found the light at the end of the tunnel.
Hina: Thanks, Kaoru-kun! I knew coming to you would be the right thing to do.
Maya: Thanks to you, we have some good news to deliver to Eve-san!
Kaoru: I am glad to have been of any assistance. If anything happens, do not hesitate to approach me once more.
Hina: Okay! I think Eve-chan's next show is gonna be boppin'♪


<Hina’s Theory of Failure>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Thanks for helping me do these errands. I had so many things to buy, so you were a great help.
Hina: Heeey, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Hina-chan! Hello. Are you going out somewhere?
Hina: Nope, I've got lessons! All of Pastel＊Palettes will be there today~♪
Hina: That reminds me... Eve-chan's radio show just started, but did you guys tune in?
Marina: I listened to a recording of it the other day after Eve-chan told me about it. She seems to be enjoying herself!
Hina: Yeah! She's been in full bushido mood lately, it's pretty boppin'♪
Hina: ... But honestly, she didn't sound like she enjoyed her first show at all.
Hina: Apparently, the staff told her she couldn't go off-script.
Hina: They said she couldn't mess up live on the air~.
Marina: Do live broadcasts have restrictions like that? It sounds stressful...
Hina: But if you mess up, you mess up, right?
Hina: Is it really that bad to make one or two mistakes? Does stopping mid-sentence count as messing up? Or is it more like... saying things you're not supposed to say?
Hina: I've been told off before on TV shows, so I know what you can and can't do on those, but I don't really get what the radio staff count as messing up.
Marina: Yeah, that does sound a bit complicated. Although I do understand that the staff would want to make a good show...
Hina: That's true. But just because you avoid making mistakes, that doesn't mean the show will be a success.
Hina: So even if the staff think you've messed up somehow, if the listeners like it, isn't it fine?
Hina: Instead of making Eve-chan get all uptight about getting it right, letting her do the show her way turned out to be a much bigger success!
Marina: Yeah, that's true! The positive messages she's spreading on air now are much more Eve-chan-like. Even I felt cheered up by them.
Hina: Yeah, yeah! Eve-chan's words are so straightforward and boppin'♪
Hina: Lately, when all of Pastel＊Palettes meet up, Eve-chan has been sharing the letters that didn't get read out on air with us.
Hina: I wonder what kinda letters she has for us today. I can't wait!
Marina: Fufu, if it's alright, you should tell me about them on the down-low next time.
Hina: Sure. But in exchange for that, keep listening to Eve-chan's show, okay?!
Hina: Ah, I've gotta go. See you later, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
