1153_Hina Hikawa_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Yeah! That was super boppin'~♪

<My Reunion with Her>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Hina: Morning~!
All: Happy Birthday~, Hina-chan! Happy Birthday~, Hina-san!
Hina: Ahaha, you're already celebrating my birthday even though I just got here? Thanks a bunch~.
Eve: Hina-san, please close your eyes for a moment!
Hina: ... Can I open them now~?
Aya: ... Yeah, go ahead!
Hina: Ohh, wow~! Is this hat supposed to be Mo-chan?! It feels so nice and fuzzy~!
Chisato: Putting their face on it required a little help from the staff, but we did most of the work ourselves.
Maya: We thought you might like it because you were especially close with Mo-san! Well?
Hina: Yeah! That was super boppin'~♪ I never thought I'd be reunited with Mo-chan like this~!
Chisato: I would say our surprise was a success.
Aya: Yay~! Ah, Hina-chan, could I take a picture of you wearing Mo-chan?
Eve: It suits you very much! Let us celebrate your birthday and your reunion with Mo-chan!
Hina: Make sure both of us look cute, okay~?
Aya: Leave it to me! Alright, ready~? Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Listen to this, Sis!>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Hina: I'm home~!
Sayo: How many times must I tell you to knock before entering?
Hina: Oops~, sorry~. Anyway, look what I have! My band got me this for my birthday!
Sayo: That is a very cute hat. That character is from the movie you were in, is it not...?
Hina: Yup, it's Mo-chan! Everyone helped put Mo-chan's face on the hat. Don't you think that's incredible?
Sayo: Oh, it is handmade? It looks very good on you.
Hina: I know, right~? I never expected everyone to gimme Mo-chan though~.
Sayo: Really now? Knowing you, I would have assumed you would have been aware they were preparing a surprise.
Hina: Oh, I knew they were up to something. My senses started tingling when Aya-chan tried subtly asking me about a month ago if there was anything I wanted.
Hina: There was also the one time I got to the agency early and saw everyone trying to hide something in a hurry.
Hina: They were acting all nervous and stuff the whole time~! Except for Chisato-chan, none of them could even look me in the eye, and their voices sounded squeaky whenever I spoke to them!
Sayo: ... I am very glad for you that you have them.
Hina: Huh? Where'd that come from?
Sayo: I just think it is fortunate that you have a place where you are free to be yourself.
Hina: Oh yeah! They're all so fun! I'm so happy to be a part of Pastel＊Palettes!
Hina: But I think the same goes for you too.
Sayo: For me...?
Hina: Mm-hmm! I play the guitar for Pastel＊Palettes, and you play the guitar for Roselia.
Hina: And when we get home, we get to play the guitar together~! I love playing with you! It feels makes me feel super boppin'♪
Sayo: Fufu... I see.
Hina: Hey, what did you get for your birthday? Your band gave you something, right?
Sayo: They... Never mind, we should continue this later. Mother and Father should be finished making preparations for our party.
Hina: Oh yeah! What kinda cake do you think we're gonna get this year? I can't wait for the gift exchange either!
Sayo: I just said we should continue this later, did I not? Oh, Hina...
