1156_Hina Hikawa_R4 The Path I've Opened

Gacha phrase: Wouldn't it be boring if we weren't idols like that?

<Our Negotiations>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Dressing Room]

Maya: Everyone, we received cookies from the staff. They said good work during today's concert!
Chisato: What a pleasant fragrance. Is that... Earl Grey?
Maya: Apparently, it's a collaboration with a famous tea brand.
Hina: Mmm~♪ These cookies are so good!
Aya: Whoa, what is this texture?! What shop are these from?
Eve: It is written on the bottom side of the canister!
Aya: You're right! I need to make a note of it!
Aya: I'll buy some later, so let's have them with Kanon-chan and the others at school, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: Fufu. I'm looking forward to it.
Maya: Still, I can't believe cookies like this exist... We were in a trance as we ate them.
Hina: You're right. Whoa, there's only one left.
Maya: I have already had enough, so someone else can take it!
Eve: I have also had plenty! Please have it, Chisato-san!
Chisato: Huh? Me...?
Aya: Mhm. When I think of tea, I definitely think of you, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: While I appreciate the sentiment... I am fine. I have actually eaten a few too many.
Hina: In that case, wanna play rock, paper, scissors? The winner can have it.
Chisato: I do not believe it is worth playing rock, paper, scissors to make the decision. If you would like to have it, you may, Hina-chan.
Hina: Awww, let's play. Or are you not confident that you'll win?
Chisato: ... Huh?
Hina: You won't play because you're not sure you'll win, right?
Chisato: That is not what I am saying...
Hina: Got it. Well then, I'll play rock.
Chisato: ...!
Hina: So if you play paper, you can beat me, Chisato-chan.
Hina: Okay? That's all you need to do. But...
Hina: That's if... I actually play rock.
Chisato: Hina-chan, is that...
Chisato: An attempt at psychological warfare?
Hina: Ahahaha...
Chisato: Very well...
Chisato: Then perhaps I'll also play rock. If I do, it should end in a tie.
Hina: ...
Chisato: Fufufu... I wonder if you can tell if I am acting or not.
Maya: Th-things have suddenly become heated...
Eve: It is almost like a face-off between high-ranked swordsmen...
Aya: The both of them have smiles on their faces... but they aren't actually smiling...
Chisato & Hina: Fufufu...
Hina: By the way, Chisato-chan, did you know that when you're nervous, you clench up your hands?
Hina: Just like right now...
Chisato: I see. I did not know I had that habit.
Chisato: However, is it not possible that is also an act?
Hina: Who knows~? More importantly, me telling you that you clench your hands was a lie.
Chisato: I see. Did you think... that I would not be able to see through that lie?
Aya: Ngh... Th-this is hurting my heart...
Eve: The atmosphere is so strained...
Maya: I wonder how this standoff will go...
Hina: Well then, shall we get started...?!
Chisato: Yes, let's.
Hina: Here we go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hina & Chisato: Rock, paper, scissors, go!
(Black cut)


<My Ideal Idol>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Residential Area]

Hina: Ah, it's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hey there♪ Are the two of you heading out somewhere?
Marina: Hello. We're going on a small shopping run for equipment. What about you, Hina-chan?
Hina: I'm on my way to go have some fun! But I haven't decided where I'm going yet~. I plan on going wherever feels right.
Marina: I see. During this season, flower-viewing might be nice.
Hina: Hmm, that doesn't sound bad, but I already did some flower-viewing at a previous on-site shoot.
Marina: Ah, was that the variety show Pastel＊Palettes appeared on? I saw that broadcast.
Marina: You really seemed to enjoy that on-location filming.
Hina: I know, right?! I had fun, and it seems it was also well liked by the people who watched it!
Hina: But at first, it wasn't very fun work.
Marina: Oh my, is that so?
Hina: Yeah. Some of the staff members seemed to want to take a lot of footage of Aya-chan making mistakes...
Hina: That isn't fun at all though, is it?
Hina: It's fun to ask Aya-chan why she would make a mistake at a certain point, but it's boring trying to make her fail.
Marina: Does that mean that unpredictability is important?
Hina: Hmm, I guess so.
Hina: None of the others seemed to be having fun either. So I told them we should do things our way.
Hina: That seemed to get Chisato-chan motivated too... Her smile at the time was so interesting. She kinda reminded me of when we first met.
Marina: Fufu. Now that you mention it, partway through the program, all of you really stood out.
Hina: I know, right?! It was so strange.
Hina: It's like I could almost tell what Chisato-chan wanted to do next.
Hina: It was the same for her too. Even though I didn't say anything, her actions made it so I could do what I wanted.
Hina: I'm not Chisato-chan, and she's not me, so we shouldn't be able to know what each other is thinking.
Hina: Knowing even though you don't really know is pretty amazing, huh? It's so interesting!
Marina: Fufu. It could be that both of you were able to understand each other's feelings.
Hina: You think so? Anyway, that on-site filming felt so boppin'♪
Hina: Ah, also, listen to this! We decided the type of idol I should aim to be at that on-site filming!
Marina: The type of idol you should aim to be...?
Hina: I'm going to be an idol that expands everyone's borders so that we can shine as Pastel＊Palettes!
Hina: Whaddya think? Doesn't that sound fun?! It feels super boppin' to me♪
Marina: Expand everyone's borders, huh...? Fufu. I'm looking forward to seeing what you do in the future then.
Hina: Obviously, I'm gonna make everyone feel more and more boppin'♪ Expect good things, okay?!
Marina: Okay. I'm rooting for you!
Hina: Well then, I'll be going now. Bye-bye!
