1209_Hina Hikawa_R3 Boppin' Zombie♪

Gacha phrase: I'm not gonna go easy on anyone anymore~!

<Go And Hand Out Souvenirs!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Sayo: Our committee meeting finished earlier than I expected... I should have plenty of time to make it to the studio.
Sayo: ...? There's a crowd by the gate...
Sayo: What are you all doing here? You're causing trouble for others that need to pass through...
Hina: Ah! It's Sis~! Hey there~♪
Sayo: Hina? What are you doing here? What about school?
Hina: School's over. That's why I'm here~! I was just hanging out by the gate, and a bunch of my fans ended up gathering around me~♪
Sayo: Goodness, you really are a handful... At least let me know if you plan on coming. Think about the trouble you're causing for other people.
Hina: Okay, sorry~♪
Sayo: And besides, there's no need to meet me here. We'll see each other at home, won't we?
Hina: What? That's not it. I'm not here to see you, Sis.
Sayo: Huh?
Hina: I said, I'm not here to see you. I'm here to see someone else.
Sayo: Th-then say that first!
Hina: Sis... Did you think I came here to meet you?
Sayo: I-I mean, it's you, after all. I just assumed...
Hina: So that's really the first thing you think of when you see me here? That's...
Hina: Super-duper bop-boppity-boppin'~♪
Sayo: E-enough of your teasing! What else am I supposed to think, considering how you normally act?!
Hina: I'm not teasing you~! Ehehe, I'm just really happy, Sis♪
Sayo: Let's just move on. What are you actually here for, then?
Hina: I'm here to hand out my souvenirs from Saga to my friends, duh~♪
Sayo: That's why you're here...?
Sayo: ... ! Wait. Souvenirs? No, you didn't bring-...
Hina: Look~♪ Ta-dah~! Dried warasubo!
Sayo: Hina, you... Did you already forget what I told you yesterday? If you're giving out souvenirs, pick something other than warasubo!
Hina: W-well, yeah~. But you know, warasubo aren't just cool because of how weird they look! They're also really fun to catch, and-
Sayo: Yes, I understand, but surprising someone with a gift like this is-
Hina: Come on! You haven't ever seen anything like this before, right? Right, Sis?
Sayo: G-get that away from me!
Hina: Oh. S-sorry, Sis. Don't be mad at me.
Sayo: ... I'm not mad.
Sayo: Hina, just because you find something interesting doesn't necessarily mean everyone else will. You know that, don't you?
Hina: Yeah... We're different people, after all.
Sayo: You bought lots of other things in Saga too, didn't you? Like cookies and seaweed. Pick some of those to give away.
Sayo: They're souvenirs, after all. Wouldn't you rather people be happy to get them?
Hina: Yeah... I know that. But I still think people would like warasubo too, you know~.
Sayo: I don't think anyone would be happy to get that. Who are you planning on giving it to, anyway?
Kokoro: Hm? Is that Sayo and Hina over there? Hello!
Hina: Kokoro-chan! Hey there~!
Sayo: Huh? Tsurumaki-san?
Hina: Yeah! Kokoro-chan's the one I'm here to see~! Here you go, Kokoro-chan! It's a souvenir from Saga!
Kokoro: A souvenir? Thanks, Hina!
Sayo: H-hold on a second.
Kokoro: My! What is this? I've never seen anything like it before! It looks so weird, and it's all dried up! It looks like an alien from a movie I saw before!
Kokoro: Hello, alien! You're all wrinkly! Will you go back to normal if I give you some water?
Sayo: ... What?
Hina: Ahaha♪ Kokoro-chan, you're awesome~! That's not an alien, it's a fish called a warasubo!
Kokoro: Oh, a fish! I've never seen a fish like this before. Hina, tell me more about this warasubo!
Hina: Okay! I've got a ton of stuff I wanna tell you~! Let's go get some tea somewhere~♪
Kokoro: Of course, that sounds great!
Sayo: She actually likes it... But, well... if it was going to be anyone, it would be Tsurumaki-san, I suppose...
Sayo: Well then, I'll excuse myself. Make sure you don't stay out too late, Hina.
Hina: Yup, thanks, Sis~!
Sayo: I'll head home as soon as practice is finished.
Hina: Ah, that reminds me, Sis! Mom said we're having dried warasubo tonight for dinner!
Sayo: ... I take that back. Tell Mom that I'll head home right after I stop somewhere to eat first.
Hina: Aw, don't be like that~! Let's have some warasubo together~! C'mon, Sis~!


<Like Me?>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Edogawa Music]

Marina: Phew... Thank goodness we found everything we needed~. I think we'll be able to make it back in time to open.
Hina: Hm~? It's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hi there~♪ What a coincidence~!
Marina: Hi, Hina-chan. Are you here shopping?
Hina: Nope, maintenance. My guitar got all wet the other day in Saga~.
Hina: I did some work on it then, but Maya-chan was saying it'd be better to get it taken care of at a music store, so here I am.
Marina: Oh, that reminds me, I heard from Aya-chan that it started pouring at your show, huh?
Hina: It totally did~! It was raining super hard, like sploosh~! We were soaked! It was pretty bad. All our makeup got washed off, too~.
Marina: Sounds like a tough time. But I guess that's just something that can happen if you play outdoors.
Hina: Yeah. It was the first time we had an outdoor concert, so it felt super good to play my guitar and hear it echo out into the crowd!
Hina: And at the end, they had fireworks that were going off like "bang!" They looked all sparkly, and the crowd went wild. I was totally boppidy-bop-boppin' the whole time~♪
Marina: Wow, that sounds amazing! I guess you really got the total outdoor concert experience, huh? Sounds like the show went well too. Thank goodness.
Hina: Yeah, but we ran into a bunch of problems as soon as we landed. Our skin looked weird thanks to this cream they gave us, we couldn't rehearse, and the show started late...
Hina: But our staff and the Saga producers all worked really hard for our show. It was thanks to them that everything worked out in the end.
Hina: It all made me realize, there are a lotta people out there that are working to help us, you know?
Hina: Oh, that's right! There was also this weirdo producer from Saga named Tatsumi-san~... Ahaha♪ It's funny just thinking about him!
Marina: Come on now, Hina-chan. I don't know who it is you're talking about, but you shouldn't say things about him like that.
Hina: Aww, but he was walking around in this suit and sunglasses... And if you looked closer, you'd see he had dried squid sticking out of his breast pocket.
Marina: O-oh... I guess that is a little weird...
Hina: Ahaha♪ Right~? I've worked with a lotta grown-ups ever since I started this whole idol thing, but...
Hina: I don't think I've ever met anyone as weird as him. Even among all the people I've worked with, he was definitely unique.
Hina: He'd talk super-fast like blah blah blah about random stuff, and when you think he's finally ready to take a breath, he'd suddenly get all serious and say some good stuff, too.
Hina: Plus he talked super weird! He had this one-of-a-kind feel to him that made him really funny~♪ I could never figure out what he was gonna do next!
Marina: I see. He kind of sounds like you, Hina-chan.
Hina: What~?! Really?! I've never thought about myself like that! What about me is like him? Tell me, tell me~!
Marina: Uh, wait, Hina-chan...
Hina: What about me is like Tatsumi-san? Tell me, give it to me straight! C'mon, Marina-san! Hurry up, hurry up~♪
Marina: Uh... I-I mean... Like, now...? Fufufu.
Hina: Hm? Now? What do you mean~?
Marina: S-sorry, Hina-chan. I don't actually know this producer you're talking about, so I guess I really can't say.
Hina: Aw~, well, shoot. I thought I might've finally found someone who was just like me~.
Marina: Fufufu... Sorry. I shouldn't have said what I did based off of your description of him.
Hina: Nah, don't worry about it. I'll ask everyone else what they think.
Marina: Ah, shoot. We've got to get back to the studio. Hina-chan, come visit if you have the time, okay?
Hina: Okay~. See ya, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Bye-bye~♪
