1236_Hina Hikawa_R4 boppin'-A-way

Gacha phrase: Nuh-uh, I wanna keep going~!

<This Path I've Run Pt. 1>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[After The Show - Walking Home]

Aya: Roselia's concert was so much fun, wasn't it?
Maya: It definitely was. The crowd seemed to love it, and the sense of togetherness was incredible!
Maya: You could clearly tell from their set list and emcee timing that they weren't willing to make any compromises.
Chisato: Yes, it was quite obvious. We will have to make sure our concert next week is at least as good as their's was.
Eve: Let us show them what Pastel＊Palettes is truly capable of!
Hina: ...
Aya: ... Hina-chan? Are you okay? You seem kinda out of it.
Hina: Oh~, I was just thinking how amazing my sister was~.
Hina: She played so great, and she was so cool and so glowy...
Eve: Yes, she did play very well!
Hina: I know, right? The way she was on the guitar made me feel all boppidy boppin' inside♪
Hina: That's why I wanna become just like my sister...
Hina: Just like my sister...
Maya: What's on your mind, Hina-san?
Hina: Um~, I was just wondering how my sister sees me... She glows to me, but I dunno if I glow to her.
Hina: It would be really nice if I did.
Aya: You're an amazing guitarist! I'm sure you'll be able to!
Chisato: Yes, and we are idols. We must always shine in a way that moves the people who come to see us.
Hina: Oh... Yeah, I guess that makes sense!
Hina: Mmm~! I can't wait till our show!
Hina: Do you think we can practice now?
Chisato: Now...? It's already so late.
Maya: Ah, if we go to the agency, that might work since the schedule sheet was blank.
Aya: I have a bit of a confession. I also started getting the urge to play partway through the concert!
Eve: Me too! My body trembled with anticipation!
Chisato: I can't believe all of you... Just remember not to overdo it, okay?
Chisato: After all, it's the job of a professional to be able to give your best performance without overexerting yourself.
Chisato: ... That said, it's also the job of a professional to do your utmost best within that limit.
Hina: Ahaha! Looks like it's decided then!
Hina: I'm gonna go ahead!
Aya: Ah!
Chisato: Hina-chan! Running off like that so suddenly is dangerous!
Hina: But I wanna start playing already!
Maya: We're racing to the agency?!
Eve: I have trained myself harder than anyone by running!
Chisato: It looks like we have no choice...
Aya: W-wait for me~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Huff... huff... She's so fast...
Chisato: Sigh. At this rate, we're going to be exhausted... by the time... we arrive at the agency...
Maya: I don't think... I can keep up... much longer...
Eve: Even so, I will not stop running! What matters most is the will!
Aya: Hina-chan~, wait for us~...!
Hina: ... Ahaha.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hina: Nuh-uh, I wanna keep going~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<This Path I've Run Pt. 2>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[After Rehearsals]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: Hm hm hmm♪
Maya: We just finished practice, but you're still practicing on your own, Hina-san?
Hina: I just feel like playing a bit more~. You too?
Maya: Yes. Seeing you has given me the urge.
Hina: Alrighty~, wanna start from the top then?
Maya: Okay! That sounds good.
(Black cut)
Maya: You seem to be enjoying yourself ever since practice earlier.
Hina: Yeah! Feeling boppin' makes me wanna hurry and get to the next note~.
Maya: Huhehe, that does sound like you.
Hina: I dunno what that's like, but I know I'm me.
Maya: Yes, you're you for sure.
Maya: ... About the concert...
Hina: Hm?
Maya: I want you to not worry about us. Just do what's fun for you.
Hina: Mm-hmm, I was planning to anyway. Why are you telling me this now?
Maya: Remember how you said Sayo-san was shining during the Roselia concert the other day?
Hina: Yeah! She was super glowy and cool!
Maya: You're the same, you know? When I see you on stage, you're also shining.
Hina: What...?
Maya: I want to see how you shine when you're enjoying yourself to the fullest.
Maya: It's what I want as a fan of the guitarist, Hina Hikawa.
Hina: You wanna see... me...? Is seeing me have fun also going to be fun for you?
Maya: I'm sure everyone who sees you feels the same way.
Hina: ... Oh... I get it now... When I'm having fun in a band, I can glow too...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hina: Just like my sister...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Maya: Not just glow, you'll be blinding.
Maya: Ah, and don't worry about us. We're not so soft that we can't keep up with you.
Maya: So just do what you want and enjoy your heart out.
Hina: Ahaha. I was gonna do that anyway, even without you telling me.
Maya: Fufu, I see.
Hina: Yeah♪ Whether it's band stuff or the guitar...
Hina: I'll just do whatever makes me feel boppin'♪
Maya: That does sound like the Hina-san I know, alright.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Before the Show]

[Dressing Room]

Hina: Hey, guys! Got a moment before we go up on stage?
Chisato: It's rare for you to say something like that, Hina-chan.
Hina: Well~, it's not like it's super important or anything.
Hina: It's just that I feel really boppin' right now♪ Like boppidy-bop-boppin' boppin'♪
Hina: And I'm gonna put every bit of what I'm feeling into my playing.
Aya: (Looks like Hina-chan's really going to be on a roll today.)
Eve: (I must do my best to match her performance!)
Hina: One more thing... Maya-chan.
Maya: ...!
Hina: I'm not gonna worry at all, okay?
Maya: ... Yes, you don't have a thing to worry about, Hina-san.
Aya: ...?
Staff: Excuse me, it's almost time~. Please get ready, Pastel＊Palettes!
Chisato, Aya, Hina, Maya & Eve: Okay~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hina: (It doesn't matter if there's a full house, or if we're performing at a huge live house, or if there are hundreds or thousands of people watching.)
Hina: (How others see me doesn't mean anything. It's always been this way, and it'll always be this way.)
Hina: (This is who I am... Right, Maya-chan?)
Hina: (That's why I...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hina: (... This is so much fun.)
Hina: (I feel like I can keep going forever.)
Hina: (There's no need for me to stop. I just have to do what feels fun for me.)
Hina: (Never looking back, never worrying about other people, just going where I wanna go.)
Hina: (There's no reason for me to turn around. Not when I know you'll all come after me. Just like you all did that day...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hina: You guys are there, right?
Hina: That's why I'm never gonna stop and wait.
(Black cut)
