1294_Hina Hikawa_R2 Boppin' Flowers♪

<The Many Ways of Rousing Spirits>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Hina: Rokka-chan only has a few days left of announcements. She's so good, why don't we have her continue them after the School Cleaning Day?
Tsugumi: Ahaha... While I think they would be quite enjoyable, we'd have to ask her first, so...
Hina: I was kinda iffy about them at first, and they were kinda weird for a bit there, but she was doing pretty well by the end♪
Tsugumi: She was. I could really feel Rokka-chan's sincerity and effort through them.
Tsugumi: The students are quite interested in them too, so I'm sure everyone will work hard during School Cleaning Day!
Hina: Yeah. I thought about making it a competition if people weren't getting hyped about it, but I guess we don't need to.
Tsugumi: Competition? ... What do you mean?
Hina: You know, a competition♪ Like compete to see which team can clean the school better!
Hina: And the best team would win the Squeaky-Clean Hina Award and a cool prize!
Tsugumi: Th-the Squeaky-Clean Hina Award? Does that mean first place?
Hina: Yeah, yeah! And the prize would be, hmm... a year's worth of school lunches! Everyone would try harder that way, don't you think?
Tsugumi: Y-you can't do that!
Hina: Huh, why not? It'd be way more motivating!
Tsugumi: It might be more motivating, but... then everyone would just be cleaning to get the prize.
Hina: So? What's wrong with that?
Tsugumi: Well, the School Cleaning Day is supposed to be an event to inspire students to keep the school clean, right?
Tsugumi: If there's a prize involved, they might only care about it on that day... It wouldn't lead to them being more aware of the environment at school, so I don't think it's a good idea.
Hina: Hmmm, you really think so?
Tsugumi: And besides, don't you feel some sort of attachment to school when you clean up an area of it all on your own?
Hina: ...? Why would I like the school more by cleaning it? How are these two things related?
Tsugumi: Huh? Erm, well, you see... The more effort you put into something, the more you love it, or something...
Hina: Hmm? Uh, whatever. Rokka-chan's announcements got better anyway, so we don't need to have any competitions.
Hina: How'd they get good so suddenly, anyway? She really changed overnight.
Tsugumi: That's a good point. Maybe she has a secret method...
Kaoru: Salutations, you two. May I borrow a moment of your time?
Hina: Ah, Kaoru-kun! Come in, come in!
Kaoru: Sorry to intrude during your duties. It is related to the theater club's next performance. I have come to submit the relevant paperwork...
Tsugumi: Sure! I can take those. I'll check them sometime today.
Kaoru: Yes, thank you, kindly.
Hina: Ah, hey, hey, Kaoru-kun, did you hear? Rokka-chan's announcements got super good really fast! Why do you think that is?
Kaoru: My goodness, it seems Rokka-chan has earned the student council president's seal of approval... Now, I can relax.
Hina: Huh, wait, is it because of you?
Tsugumi: What? Is that true?
Kaoru: It is true. Most recently, Maya and I offered her some guidance.
Kaoru: Now, I say guidance, but I merely lent a helping hand. The rest was born from dear Rokka-chan's earnest hard work.
Hina: Oh, I see! If you and Maya-chan helped out, I get how it happened.
Kaoru: Our poor Rokka-chan, who once cowered at her own nerves, has found herself anew with her own strength... Ahh, how fleeting!
Hina: Hmmm. Her new self, huh? Are schoolwide announcements really that hard? I don't really get it.
Hina: Don't you just say whatever pops into your mind and then you're basically done?
Tsugumi: I-it might be like that for you, Hina-senpai...
Kaoru: Fufu, I am certain that you would be more than capable of presenting a rousing announcement without sparing a thought.
Kaoru: However, as people say, "To each his own," and, "It takes all sorts to make a world." Just as you have your own kind of fleetingness, Hina, Rokka-chan has hers.
Kaoru: And, to begin with, what people may consider to be fleeting can differ. In other words, it is... but that...
Hina: Huh, you could be right! Ahaha, you're so funny, Kaoru-kun!
Kaoru: Hearing you say that is music to my ears, Hina.
Kaoru: As Shakespeare once said, "All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players"... As long as you enjoy this "player" called Kaoru Seta, I could not feel any more fortunate.
Hina: Ahh! There it is! Kaoru-kun's Shakespeare! Today's my lucky day!
Kaoru: Fufu, and I wish you a magnificent day at that.
Kaoru: Now, I have entrusted you with our precious documents, Tsugumi-chan.
Tsugumi: Yes, I have them! Good luck with the theater club performance!
Kaoru: Yes, leave it to me. Without a doubt, we will meet your expectations.
Hina: Yeah, yeah. Make it a boppin' one, okay? I can't wait to watch, Kaoru-kun.


<Kaoru-kun's Dramatic Daily Life>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: The station seems more crowded than usual today. I wonder if there's an event on or something.
Hina: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hiya!
Marina: Hello, Hina-chan. There sure are a lot of people here today, aren't there~?
Hina: Yeah, Haneoka had their play today. Look, see how everyone's got pamphlets?
Marina: Ah, they do too! The theater club's performances are so popular.
Hina: Of course they are. Kaoru-kun is in them, after all. Even after today's performance, she received sooo many bouquets and was surrounded by her fans.
Hina: And this time they didn't do Shakespeare either. It was a contemporary play, so everyone wanted to see it.
Marina: Wow, a contemporary play~. What was it about?
Hina: Uhh, it was set in a school, and the main character was kinda like Kaoru-kun.
Marina: By that do you mean the main character was like a prince?
Hina: Mmm, yeah, I guess you could say that...
Hina: But it was more like, they helped people find their way when they had issues or were stuck with something.
Marina: I see. I wish I could've seen it too~.
Hina: It was pretty good! Maya-chan told me this afterwards, but apparently they wrote it based on Kaoru-kun!
Marina: Like they wrote the script specifically with her in mind?
Hina: Yeah, yeah. It was a play about a character based on Kaoru-kun, who was also played by Kaoru-kun, so it was pretty funny.
Marina: Fufu, I bet it was. Kaoru-san is quite a theatrical person to begin with.
Hina: Yeah! She's just so funny when she's being herself! Ah, I just got a good idea!
Marina: Huh? A good idea?
Hina: Yeah! We're having a Fall Reading Week at school soon, but that doesn't sound very boppin' at all. So maybe I'll get Kaoru-kun to do something for it!
Marina: I-isn't that asking a bit much...? But I guess nothing is ever too much for Kaoru-san. What do you intend on having her do, anyway?
Hina: Hmm, let's see... Ah! What about a live recitation?
Marina: L-live recitation? You mean, a reading of a play...?
Hina: I dunno! But wouldn't it be cool if Kaoru-kun just read whatever she wanted, and then we had some song and dance in between? That'd be way more boppin' than just reading silently!
Marina: A-ahaha... Right, I think that sounds interesting, but I'm not sure it has much to do with reading... I kind of wonder what other people would think~...
Hina: Yeah! You think it'd be interesting too, right?! Okay, I'll tell Tsugu-chan about it tomorrow! Thanks, Marina-san!
Marina: You're welcome. Um, make sure you properly talk about it with Tsugumi-chan tomorrow, okay?
Hina: Tsugu-chan will agree with me anyway♪ Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, see you later, bye-bye!
