1328_Hina Hikawa_R3 Interesting Eve-chan!

Gacha phrase: Ahaha, Eve-chan really is interesting♪

<Hina-esque Trust>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Hina: We've got to write the club budget report and an event proposal. Oh man, what a heaping helping of work.
Tsugumi: We also have documents that need to be finished by today, so we may not be able to go home very soon...
Hina: That's gonna be a problem. I was feeling like going home early and messing with my guitar today.
Tsugumi: Well then, all the more reason for us to do our best and finish it as soon as we can! If we work together, I'm sure we'll be fine!
Hina: Right. Let's get it done in a flash and- Hm? Ah, I got a message from Aya-chan.
Hina: ... Aw, not again.
Tsugumi: Is something wrong?
Hina: Aya-chan's not very sociable lately.
Hina: Normally, when I invite her to hang out, she'll almost always respond with an okay right away, but she's turned me down multiple times now.
Tsugumi: Maybe your invites just happened to overlap with her work schedule.
Hina: That's what I thought, so I checked her schedule, but it's been her day off each time.
Tsugumi: Well then, maybe she had other plans...
Hina: But would that keep happening this many times~?
Tsugumi: You do have a point... That is a bit worrying.
Hina: Huh, so you think so too, Tsugu-chan?
Tsugumi: Well, of course. Her not acting like she normally does is concerning, and if she's not saying the reason, that just makes it worse.
Tsugumi: If she's having problems, I'd like to be of some help...
Hina: I see. So you're in Eve-chan's camp, huh?
Tsugumi: Don't you think it's concerning, Hina-senpai?
Hina: Hmm... Depends on the situation, I guess. At any rate, I'm not concerned at all this time.
Hina: I figured she's not talking about the reason or whatever because she doesn't want to.
Hina: In which case, it doesn't really feel like I need to ask.
Hina: I mean, the fact that she doesn't say anything means that Aya-chan thinks that's for the best, right?
Hina: If she thought she should tell me the reason, she'd tell me without me having to ask.
Tsugumi: I see... That is certainly one way to think about it.
Hina: Well, I also think that things'll likely be fine this time without me worrying about it.
Hina: If something bad was going on, it would show a lot more on her face and in her actions!
Tsugumi: Is that so?
Hina: Yeah. The other day, there were some snacks for everyone in the talent agency, and Aya-chan got carried away and ate a staff member's share.
Hina: One of the other staff told her that, if she kept quiet, they wouldn't find out, but she got really fidgety, and ended up giving herself away when she went to apologize!
Tsugumi: Fufu. Aya-san is really open with her feelings.
Hina: I know, right?! She's always like that when she's hiding something!
Tsugumi: I see~... You really do seem like "fellow band members."
Hina: Hm? What do you mean?
Tsugumi: Hearing you talk just now, it seems to me that the reason you're not worried about Aya-san is because you've spent so much time together.
Hina: Ah~, that just might be it.
Hina: ... Alrighty, all done! Here you go, Tsugu-chan.
Tsugumi: What? ... Wait, these are the documents I said we needed to finish by today!
Hina: Yup. I finished preparing all of them. Now our work is done for the day!
Tsugumi: Wh-when did you do all of this...?
Hina: Now then, time to lock up and go home!
Hina: Come on now, if you don't hurry up and get ready, I'm gonna leave you behind, Tsugu-chan.
Tsugumi: Huh?! P-please wait! I'll get ready right now~!


<Boppin' and Bushido♪>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Hina: Marina-san and {{userName}}-san, hello! I came to borrow one of the studios.
Marina: Hello, Hina-chan! Are you by yourself today?
Hina: Yup! I feel like playing to my heart's content all by myself today♪
Marina: Fufu, you seem to be in a good mood.
Hina: You guessed it, Marina-san! To tell you the truth, something kind of interesting happened the other day.
Marina: Really? What happened?
Hina: Y'see, I tailed Aya-chan with Eve-chan and the others!
Marina: I actually heard a little about that from Maya-chan. Eve-chan was working hard to save Aya-chan, right?
Hina: Right. Even though Chisato-chan tried to stop her, Eve-chan rushed out saying that she was going to save Aya-chan.
Hina: I've got to hand it to her for having Chisato-chan at her mercy!
Marina: Ahaha... I'm guessing it got quite chaotic?
Hina: Not at all! I had fun the whole time.
Hina: Just thinking back to it makes me laugh. Eve-chan was really obvious in her tailing.
Hina: And Aya-chan not noticing her made it even funnier!
Hina: But I think the most interesting thing was the way that Eve-chan stayed straight on the path of bushido.
Hina: It's been a while since I've seen her be so unstoppable.
Marina: Eve-chan is genuine, so once she's decided something, she'll follow it directly.
Hina: I think that she's really principled. Maybe even a bit too much so.
Hina: That's why, if she thinks something is right according to bushido, she won't change her view, no matter what anyone says.
Marina: I see. Just as I would expect from you. You really get your fellow band members.
Hina: No, I don't get them at all.
Marina: Huh...? You don't?
Hina: Hmm, how should I put it...? I get their reasoning, but that's it, y'know?
Hina: Even if I know that Eve-chan would probably think a certain way, I don't know why she would think that way.
Marina: If it were you, you wouldn't take the same actions... Is that what you're saying?
Hina: Yeah, that! Whenever I see Eve-chan doing her bushido thing, I feel like she's totally different from me, and it feels so boppin'♪
Hina: That's why I really love Eve-chan the way she is!
Marina: Fufu, that's just like you... Ah, it looks like one of the studios just opened up. I'll go clean it up.
Hina: See you in a bit♪ So anyway, {{userName}}-san, the other day, Eve-chan...
