1387_Hina Hikawa_R4 Can You Solve This?

Gacha phrase: Fufufu~. That's an excellent question, Hagumi-chan!

<Special☆Extracurricular Class>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Riverbank]

Hina: All right, let's start today's class~! Today's lesson is on "The Ecology of Tentou-mushi, or Ladybugs"!
Hagumi: Okay~! I'm ready to learn, Hina-chan-sensei!
Tsukushi: M-me too...!
Tsukushi: Um, why is today's lesson... about learning the ecology of tentou-mushi?
Hina: Well~, that's because Hagumi-chan wanted to know how the tentou-mushi got its name!
Hagumi: I kinda thought it was a weird name, and then I just kept thinking 'bout it. Tsu-chan, do you know why they're called "tentou-mushi"?
Tsukushi: Huh...? I-I wonder why... I've never thought about it before...
Hina: Well, let's think about it! Tsukushi-chan, what's your best guess?
Tsukushi: Umm... Because the patterns on their backs make them look like they're lighting up?
Hina: Wow~, that's true! Now that you say that, their backs do kinda look like they're lit up!
Tsukushi: Does that mean my guess was correct?!
Hina: Nope, that's not it.
Tsukushi: I-I guessed wrong...
Hina: It was a good guess though~! So you get ten points!
Hagumi: Yay~! Way to go, Tsu-chan!
Tsukushi: Ten points...? Th-thank you.
Tsukushi: So, what's the correct answer...?
Hina: Hey, let's not rush things! If you touch one, you'll understand why right away!
Hina: So let's start looking for ladybugs~!
Hagumi: Okay~! I'm gonna look really hard~!
Tsukushi: M-me too...!
Hina: Hmm. I wonder where one could be~. You can usually find them in grassy places like this~.
Tsukushi: Um, Hina-senpai? Do tentou-mushi come out in the middle of winter? I don't think I've seen any at this time of year...
Hina: They're around. Tentou-mushi are out and about all year.
Tsukushi: Oh, really?! I didn't know that...!
Hagumi: They're so small and cute, but they're busy all year long. I wonder if tentou-mushi live for a long time.
Hina: Unh-un, they have short life spans. But in return, they grow quickly. They go through the alternation of generations many times in the year.
Hagumi: Alternation of gener-what?
Hina: The bugs grow up and lay eggs, and then their babies hatch, grow up, and lay eggs.
Hina: That happens again and again during the year. So that means, even in the winter, you can find them!
Hagumi: Wow~! Tentou-mushi are amazing~!
Tsukushi: That's the first time I've heard that... There are many things you can learn, even about bugs around you...
Hina: Right~? And you'll know how the tentou-mushi got its name the second you touch one! Now, let's get looking~!
Tsukushi: O-okay...!
Hagumi: I've been looking, but I just don't see any~. Maybe they're hiding someplace warm since it's cold... Ah!
Tsukushi: Did you find one, Hagumi-senpai?
Hagumi: Look over there! There are some pretty flowers on the other side of the river!
Tsukushi: Huh? F-flowers?
Hina: Oh, wow~. There are too! They're shaped funny~! Let's go get a closer look~!
Hagumi: Yeah!
Tsukushi: U-um, please wait! What happened to looking for tentou-mushi~?!
Tsukushi: Argh... H-hrm?
Tsukushi: Hina-senpai~! Hagumi-senpai~! I found one, I found a tentou-mushi!
Hina: What?! Really?!
Hagumi: Where?! Where?!
Tsukushi: On the tip of that blade of grass...
Hina: There it is! Nice job, Tsukushi-chan! Hagumi-chan, try and pick it up very gently.
Hagumi: Roger! Come to me~. Don't be scared~. I got it.
Hagumi: Ah, it's crawling toward my fingertips! Ehehe. It tickles.
Tsukushi: Um, you said if we touch it, we'll know how it got its name, right?
Hina: Yep. Look real closely~.
Tsukushi & Hagumi: ...!
Hagumi: Ah, it flew away!
Tsukushi: It's flying right toward the sun...!
Hina: Exactly!
Hina: We call the sun "o-tentou-sama," right? The way these bugs fly toward the sun is how they got the name "tentou-mushi"!
Hagumi: Wow, so that's why~! In the mornings, I run toward the sun too! Tentou-mushi are kinda like me!
Hina: Yep! So, now do you understand how the tentou-mushi got its name?
Hagumi: I totally get it, Hina-chan-sensei! Thanks for helping, Tsu-chan! We could only catch one because of you!
Tsukushi: I-I didn't do anything... I just found one by accident...!
Tsukushi: But I'm happy I could help! I learned something new too!
Tsukushi: Well, since we've answered the question, I guess we should start heading home. The sun is setting too...
Hagumi: Ah! A crow! Hey, I wonder how they got their name.
Hina: Excellent question, Hagumi-chan! Okay, let's go find out♪
Hagumi: Yay~, let's go! C'mon, Tsu-chan~!
Tsukushi: R-right now?! Can't we save that for tomorrow~?!


<Unexpectedly Boppin’♪>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Residential Area]

Hina: Hm-hmhmm~♪ What should we study today~?
Marina: Ah, Hina-chan. Hi.
Hina: Ah~, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hiya~!
Marina: Fufu. Somebody's in a good mood. Are you headed somewhere?
Hina: Yep, Hagumi-chan and I are gonna study in the park~.
Marina: Study...? Ah, that reminds me, Hagumi-chan told me about that. You two are studying a lot together recently, right?
Hina: Yeah! Teaching Hagumi-chan about things is really fun!
Hina: I just wanna keep teaching her more and more~!
Marina: I know what you mean! It feels great when you're teaching someone, and you see the moment when everything clicks.
Hina: Right, right?! It's totally boppin'♪
Hina: Ah, but when we first started, it was super hard~. I didn't get why Hagumi-chan couldn't remember anything~.
Hina: But then, when I was talking to Eve-chan, I got an idea.
Hina: When I tried it out, Hagumi-chan understood what I was explaining to her in a flash~!
Marina: Oh! Fufu. Hagumi-chan was really happy when that happened, wasn't she? I can almost see her face~.
Hina: She was~! And when I saw her get all excited, that made me super happy!
Hina: Teaching Hagumi-chan became more and more fun!
Hina: It was a weird feeling~.
Marina: Ah, don't tell me, it was boppin'♪, wasn't it?
Hina: You're right~! It was~!
Hina: Ah, but maybe it was a little different!
Hina: It was bop-bop-boppin'♪
Marina: Fufu. Oh~. Maybe that means you were even happier than I thought.
Hina: I dunno, but I think I probably was!
Hina: I never knew teaching someone could be this boppin'♪
Hina: It's awesome that there are so many things I still don't know about!
Marina: Fufu. Guess you have lots to look forward to, then.
Hina: Ah, I almost forgot. Hagumi-chan might be at the park already!
Hina: I've gotta go! Talk to you later~!
Marina: Okay. See you!
