1415_Hina Hikawa_R2 I'm Feeling Fired Up♪

<Bursting Sound>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: The documents for the next student council meeting are done. All that's left is to summarize the questionnaires and compile a written request...
Hina: Nice, nice. No matter how many times I watch this, it's always boppin'♪
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai? What are you looking at on your smartphone?
Hina: This? It's a Pastel＊Palettes practice video.
Hina: Maya-chan's been so funny lately! I can't help but watch her over and over.
Tsugumi: ...? Maya-senpai is funny?
Hina: Yup, yup! Do you wanna watch it too? ... Here!
Tsugumi: Um, okay then...
Tsugumi: ...!
Hina: See? Funny, right?! This was us practicing for the new song we released the other day.
Tsugumi: ... Wow. All of you are concentrating so hard...
Tsugumi: You let me watch you practice once before, but compared to that time, you all seem to be fired up even more...
Tsugumi: I can feel your drive through the screen.
Hina: I know, right?! All of us were being influenced by Maya-chan.
Tsugumi: True, Maya-senpai's drive might be the most amazing. But why was she like this...?
Hina: Our new song this time around was one that she wanted to play no matter what. That's why she was going full throttle right from the start.
Hina: It's like she was Maya Yamato the Soul Drummer!
Hina: It's pretty normal for her to be super passionate during practice, but she'd still have this kinda composure about her.
Tsugumi: I know what you mean. The one time I observed your practice session, I remember her giving all of you really specific advice.
Hina: Yep, yep. Her advice was still specific, but she was fired up the whole time too!
Hina: It's like something inside of her burst open like ba-bang!
Tsugumi: Ba-bang?
Hina: Ah, that might not be it. If I had to say, it might've been more of a ba-boom!
Tsugumi: Ba-boom...?
Tsugumi: Um, I'm not really sure how those are different, but I can tell that you had fun practicing the new song, Hina-senpai.
Tsugumi: Your eyes are really sparkling in this video, after all!
Hina: That's my Tsugu-chan! You really get it!
Hina: It's like, the moment I heard Maya-chan's drums, I felt a spark.
Hina: I could almost feel the music crackling along my back... And when I realized it, I felt this heat throughout my body.
Hina: Seriously, that feeling was so strange. As I layered my guitar onto Maya-chan's beats, I fell deeper and deeper into a trance!
Hina: It just felt so good, like I was riding a roller coaster.
Tsugumi: I think I know what you mean. Pastel＊Palettes' new song has an amazing sense of speed to it.
Tsugumi: I kind of want to listen to it one more time now.
Hina: Nice, nice. Go ahead and listen to it another hundred times.
Tsugumi: Fufu... Okay!
Hina: I'm counting on ya! Well then, let's watch the rest.
Tsugumi: We can't. I have many, many documents that I need you to look over.
Hina: Aw, come on~. Just for a little bit.
Hina: You can take care of stuff like that in a sna-
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai...?
Hina: ... Aw man. Okay, fine.
Tsugumi: Good! Thank you for your cooperation! Now then, these are the documents I'd like you to look through, and...
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Feelings on Fire>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Hina: Hey, {{userName}}-san. Yoo-hoo~! Taking a break now?
Hina: I'm on my way home from shopping~, but I got thirsty. That's why I'm here.
Hina: Oh yeah. Have you heard our new song?
Hina: Really?! It was great, right~? I like it a lot too~!
Hina: Yeah! I'm surprised you know! Maya-chan was super-duper passionate.
Hina: Seriously~, it was so rare to see her that way.
Hina: At first, I didn't really get why she was so fired up.
Hina: But I thought about it a bit, and I think I sorta figured it out...
Hina: I thought maybe Kana-san is to Maya-chan what my sister is to me~.
Hina: The same person who wrote our new song inspired Maya-chan to play the drums.
Hina: And if my sister ever gave us a song, I might say lots of selfish stuff because I'd wanna play it no matter what!
Hina: Maya-chan maybe felt the same way at the time.
Hina: So I'm really glad she got to play it~.
Hina: ... Oh, it's this late already?!
Hina: The show I'm supposed to watch with my sister is going to start soon!
Hina: I have to hurry home! Gotta run~.
Hina: Bye~, {{userName}}-san!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
