1523_Hina Hikawa_R3 Hina the Mimic

Gacha phrase: It's not gonna be very interesting if nobody gets any correct, especially at the end♪

<The Logic behind Superstitions>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Hina: Mmm~! That was so much fun♪
Chisato: Fufu. Hina-chan, you sure are in a good mood.
Hina: Well, yeah~! I mean, who would've thought so many things would happen at a wedding party?
Aya: Chisato-chan, didn't you also have a great time? You're smiling like crazy right now.
Chisato: Oh, but not as much as you, Aya-chan.
Hina: Seriously~. You were teary the whole time.
Aya: W-well, I couldn't help it! Sasazuka-san was so gorgeous, and the final remarks were just...
Aya: You could really feel everyone's kindness... and affection... Ohh~... Sniff...
Hina: Oh gosh. Now you're full-on crying just from replaying the events in your head. What a delayed sappy reaction.
Chisato: Come on, Aya-chan. Stop crying. You'll get embarrassed walking around like that. Why don't you wipe your tears? You have a handkerchief, right?
Aya: Yup, I do... It's the one you lent me...
Hina: Oh, right. You lent yours out as the bride's "something borrowed."
Chisato: I'm sure Sasazuka-san is now blessed with a happy marriage as per the tradition. It's thanks to you, Aya-chan.
Aya: Ehehe... I hope so.
Hina: Say, about that tradition.
Aya: Hmm? What is it, Hina-chan?
Hina: There's something I've been wondering ever since I heard about it~. So, legend has it that if you follow the tradition, you'll have a happy marriage... But why?
Aya: Huh? What do you mean why?
Hina: The tradition of the "Four Somethings" is that if you wear the four items at your wedding, it'll bring luck, but what does wearing those things have to do with anything?
Aya: Huh? Uhm...
Chisato: I've heard that the tradition is based on an old English poem, but I'm not sure how the logic actually works.
Chisato: But, Hina-chan, this is a superstition or a belief that people have. You can think of the "somethings" as good luck charms. It has nothing to do with science or logic.
Aya: Yeah! As long as you believe in it, it'll make you happy!
Hina: In that case, does that mean a bride who doesn't believe in it won't have a happy marriage?
Aya: N-no, of course not! All brides are blessed with happy marriages! There's no question about that!
Hina: Huh~? But if they're gonna be happy anyway, why bother doing it?
Aya: E-er... W-well, when you put it that way~... Ch-Chisato-chan~!
Chisato: Do you not believe in good luck charms, Hina-chan?
Hina: It's not a question of whether I believe in them or not. I just wanna know the logic behind them.
Chisato: Right. As I said earlier, good luck charms are not based on scientific evidence. And this is just my opinion, but...
Chisato: Even if there's no evidence, plenty of people want to believe in it. And that's good enough.
Hina: Hmm. So people don't get frustrated even when they don't understand it, huh~?
Chisato: Well, I'm sure there are people like you who are bothered by it.
Chisato: But maybe you can think of it this way. Even if there's no logic or scientific basis... this tradition has been passed down for many generations.
Chisato: If it didn't bring happiness, the tradition would have died... Don't you agree?
Aya: Right! History itself is evidence that the tradition works!
Hina: Ah~... I see~...
Hina: Okay, I get it now! In other words, there's no logic behind it!
Chisato: W-well, yes... You're right in that the logic and rationale remain unclear...
Hina: So, even though it doesn't make sense, people who want to believe have passed it on and on. Seriously, people who think differently than me are so fascinating!
Hina: The standard of what it means to be happy is even different for each person.
Hina: Okay, I feel much better now that I've worked it out!
Chisato: R-right... I'm glad it's clear now...
Hina: Anyway, I'm heading home this way. I'll see you tomorrow at the talent agency! Bye-bye~♪
Aya: Bye-bye...
Aya: I've never thought about the logic behind traditions at all.
Chisato: It's just like her to question everything, though. She actually made me ponder it myself.
Aya: Right. That's Hina-chan for you!


<Towards the Same Goal>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew... I didn't think we'd run into those sorts of problems... I'm glad we managed it somehow...
Hina: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, heya~!
Marina: Oh, hello, Hina-chan. You don't have work today?
Hina: I do. I have a meeting at the talent agency later, but I left home too early, so I came here to kill some time.
Hina: Hmm? How come you two look all worn out today?
Marina: Ahh, we had some trouble with the equipment earlier, so it was a little frantic. But everything's all settled now.
Marina: I'm glad we were able to fix it. It shouldn't cause any problems for those performing today.
Hina: Hmm... Say, did you tell those people that you ran into some equipment issues?
Marina: Huh? No, we didn't bother to tell them. We don't want to make them worried for no reason.
Marina: Besides, we're the ones who deal with what goes on behind the scenes.
Hina: Hmm, a whole lot sure goes on for people who work backstage.
Hina: Speaking of which, Pastel＊Palettes attended a wedding party the other day.
Marina: Ahh, I heard about that from Aya-chan. She said there was lots of trouble behind the scenes.
Hina: Yeah, yeah! We had to make some bubble solution and chase a dog all over the place...
Hina: Ahaha! It's funny thinking back on it now! I never expected things like that to happen at a wedding party~.
Marina: True, it's not something you'd usually experience at a wedding party. But it sounds like all that trouble was really fun for you, Hina-chan.
Hina: Yup! It was a super-crazy, fun-filled event~! Besides, we were able to solve all the problems in the end.
Hina: But you know what? The people who attended the party had no idea what we went through behind the scenes.
Hina: In fact, they didn't even know all those problems had happened at all!
Hina: Somehow, that made it all so interesting!
Marina: Interesting? Why do you say that?
Hina: Usually, we're the ones performing on stage, right? We know that the staff work hard behind the scenes, but we have no idea what they actually do.
Hina: But now I understand that they need to solve so many problems without us knowing, just like we did at the party!
Marina: Yes, that's definitely true. If something goes wrong, the staff deals with it covertly.
Marina: But not showing how hard you work to solve problems is all part of working behind the scenes.
Hina: Yeah, that! Maya-chan said the same thing! It's part of the charms of working backstage!
Marina: But isn't being an idol the same? I mean, to perform on stage, you have to work hard and practice your routines and songs beforehand, right?
Hina: Oh, you have a point. We don't talk about all those rehearsals we do while we're on stage. So, really, working on stage and backstage is the same.
Marina: Fufu, that's an interesting way to think about it. No matter where one is positioned, everyone tries to do their best work possible.
Hina: That's true! What a fascinating discovery! I'm gonna tell everyone about it!
Hina: It's still a bit early, but I'm gonna head to the agency! Maybe the others are there already! Thanks for hanging out with me, you two! See ya later~♪
