1591_Hina Hikawa_R5 Eyes Twinkling

<Eyes Twinkling>

Anime story


<A Short Detour on the Way Home>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Hina: Hm-hm-hm-hmm~♪ She should be showing up soon~.
Hina: I wonder what her face is going to be like~... Will she be surprised and all google-eyed...?
Hina: Fufu, I can't wait to find out~... Ah, there she is!
Hina: Sis~! Over here, over here~!
Sayo: ... Hina?! What are you doing here...?
Hina: Ahaha, you really are google-eyed!
Sayo: Enough about me. I thought you said you would be late today because of Pastel＊Palettes work.
Hina: Yeah, but I got everything out of the way in a hurry! I really wanted to go home with you today.
Sayo: Did something happen? If you need to talk, couldn't it have waited until after arriving home...?
Hina: Well~, it's nothing like that. We haven't chatted at all lately because we've both been busy with work, right?
Hina: That's why I wanted to go for a walk and do some chatting~!
Sayo: A walk...? If we do that now, we'll be late for dinner.
Hina: Just a bit! Like a really tiny bit! I swear I'll make sure we make it home by dinner! Please~?
Sayo: Oh, fine... But just for a little.
Hina: Yay~! Let's go then. C'mon, hurry up, hurry up~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Riverbank]

Hina: It sure is hot even in the evening, huh~?
Sayo: This year's summer is supposed to be especially hot. Are you staying hydrated?
Hina: Totally! I was even drinking some of this earlier. Want some?
Sayo: Soda? This isn't going to rehydrate you.
Hina: It's fine. Here, have a sip.
Sayo: Thank you...
Hina: Well? Do you like it?
Sayo: ... It's lukewarm. However, I suppose something like this isn't so bad every now and then.
Hina: Ehehe, right~? The summer flavor makes it so boppin'~♪
Hina: And don't you think this is kinda nice?
Hina: The sound of little kids in the distance and the wind and the river whispering make it feel like summer break is here.
Hina: Everything feels a bit different from usual. More special. You know, like the soda.
Sayo: Fufu, true. Even going on a stroll with you after work is somewhat special.
Hina: See! Taking a detour on the way home isn't so bad once in a while, right?
Hina: I mean, both of us have been swamped with work lately. Not that that's anything new this time of the year.
Sayo: True. Especially with the large number of concerts and events that take place. It feels like they're all I've been thinking about.
Hina: Yeah. But this is supposed to be our summer break, you know? So I wanted to at least do something a bit special and summery with you.
Hina: Sorry for suddenly dragging you along. To make it up to you, though, I've got some stuff to talk about that'll make you feel really boppin'♪
Sayo: To make it up? Such as?
Hina: Um~... Ah, I found this shop that has this really cute dog mascot! It can do stuff like play dead when you point a finger gun at it and pretend to shoot.
Sayo: ... That might be something worth seeing at least once. As far as I know, though, it doesn't sound like a place that's around here.
Hina: Ahaha, thought you might be interested. Did it make you feel boppin'?
Sayo: I-I was simply speculating about the shop's location...!
Hina: Well, I'm not telling you! Not until the day we go together anyway~.
Hina: Also, don't you think it'd be fun to go shopping for clothes together? We haven't done that in a while. I wanna find something that looks good on you!
Hina: I know we won't do twinsies anymore, but... it'll be nice to wear something that matches a bit maybe.
Hina: Oh, you've been wanting to go stargazing, though, huh?  The Summer Triangle's visible now.
Hina: If we go to where it's easy to see the stars, we'll probably get to see Cygnus and Lyra clearly, and also, and also-
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hina & Sayo: ...?!
Hina: Wow, fireworks~! They're so pretty~!
Sayo: Fireworks...? I wonder if there's a fireworks festival somewhere...
Hina: Look, look! The sky's being filled with red and green ones~! Ah, now there's purple! There's even one that's like Saturn!
Sayo: ... I can see them just fine, you know? The way all the different colors light up the sky is quite beautiful though...
Hina: The big bursty ones are nice, but I like the tiny crackly ones~!
Hina: Whoa~, that one just now was huge, wasn't it? It was like Roselia, don't you think? The blue burst of light just...
Sayo: ...
Hina: ...? Why are you looking at me instead of the fireworks?
Sayo: W-well...! That's not something you need to know.
Hina: Aw~, no fair! Tell me, tell me!
Sayo: Anyway, shouldn't you be paying attention to the fireworks as well...?
Hina: You're more important than fireworks! I'm not watching till you tell me!
Sayo: You can be so...
Sayo: The fireworks... The way they were reflected in your eyes was so beautiful that I... couldn't help it...
Hina: Really?! Then I wonder if I can see them in your eyes too. Let's see~...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: H-Hina! You're a little close...!
Hina: Wow~! Your eyes are so pretty~!
Hina: It's amazing how many sparkling colors there are! So this is what my eyes were like~.
Hina: Ehehe, our eyes match.
Sayo: That's enough, isn't it? Just a few more fireworks and we're going home.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hina: Aw, you could've at least let me look a bit longer~.
Hina: But... Fufufu. Today is kinda special~. I'm feeling real boppin'♪
Sayo: ... Yes. I don't regret this detour.
Hina: ...! You're feeling boppin', too, aren't you? Right?
Sayo: I suppose... Oh, it looks the fireworks will end soon.
Hina: Does seem like the climax. After we see this, we should probably go home for real.
Sayo: Agreed.
Hina: ... Fufu. The fireworks really are pretty.
