1627_Hina Hikawa_R4 We Who Will Take Flight

Gacha phrase: I really had a lot of fun with you all on this trip, though♪

<Something Right Now>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Hina: I'm home~!
Sayo: Welcome home, Hina.
Hina: Whoa~, it's been so long since I've seen you, Sis~! Here's your souvenir from Australia!
Hina: Listen to this! My school trip was suuuper fun~!
Sayo: Yes, yes. I'll listen to your recount, so put your luggage down and change first.
Hina: Yeah~, I know~!
Sayo: Good grief...
(Black cut)
Hina: Sorry to keep you waiting! Um, where did I leave off at?
Sayo: You still have yet to tell me anything. Come now, I've made us some tea. So take a seat first.
Sayo: Let's have the snacks you bought as we talk.
Hina: Okay! Well then, where should I start~?
Hina: Ah, I know, the Opera House! We saw a rendition of Romeo and Juliet that was really good!
Hina: Hm, but for me, seeing Kaoru-kun and a girl we met before the play talking using only gestures was more interesting♪
Sayo: That Seta-san... As always, she accomplishes the unthinkable in a different way than you...
Hina: Also, we went to a zoo! And Uluru too!
Hina: See? Look at these photos! Didn't they come out perfect?!
Sayo: You're right. Even seeing it in a photo, it has an impressive intensity... The atmosphere is somewhat different from Japan.
Sayo: I must admit, seeing familiar faces in a photograph of a landscape I often see on TV and in magazines feels slightly odd.
Hina: And then, in the evenings, we all played cards together in the hotel! I laughed so much my face hurt!
Sayo: It sounds like you were able to make delightful memories.
Hina: You bet! They were the best memories ever!
Hina: The big events are over, so I guess all that's left is to graduate~.
Sayo: Graduate... Right... Our high school days will be over by the time it is spring.
Hina: ...? What's wrong, Sis?
Sayo: It's nothing. I was merely thinking... that it all ended rather quickly.
Hina: Hmm? Now that I think about it, Lisa-chi was feeling like that too~.
Sayo: She was...? Hina, are you not sad?
Sayo: Our previously routine high school lives will end. So many aspects will change.
Hina: Umm~... It's not really that big of a deal, right?
Hina: It's true that I'll have less time to be with everyone, but isn't that about it?
Sayo: I believe that is rather significant...
Hina: Um~, how do I put it~?
Hina: For example, if you met a friend for the first time in a year and said, "Long time no see~!" that would be pretty fun!
Sayo: Well... You certainly have a point.
Sayo: So you are saying the time spent feeling sad can be changed into anticipation?
Hina: Yeah, yeah, that's it!
Hina: When I come across fun stuff like that, I wanna enjoy it as much as possible.
Sayo: You have always been like that since you were younger...
Hina: Anyway, even if we don't see each other as often, all I have to do is go see them if I want!
Hina: It'd be the same for the school! Once I graduate, I won't go to that school every day as I do now, but I can drop by if I want to know how it's doing~!
Sayo: ... Make sure you don't inconvenience the school.
Sayo: But it may be just as you say. It is not as if those relationships or locations will disappear.
Sayo: Bearing that in mind, only feeling sad certainly does feel like it would be a waste. Or rather, I would be missing the opportunity to accomplish something right now.
Hina: That's right! Wouldn't it be a waste if you got sad and couldn't tell what was fun?
Hina: So, with that being said... Don't you think it'd be a good idea for you to make more memories with me now while you have the chance?
Sayo: How did our conversation turn to that?
Hina: C'mon, let's go on a trip together somewhere~. You went on one with Tsugu-chan last time. I wanna travel with you too~!
Sayo: I don't know what you expect from me so suddenly.
Hina: Then when am I supposed to ask? If I'm too laid-back about it, I'll miss the opportunity to accomplish something right now!
Sayo: That may be so, but... Sigh. You don't listen to reason once you start insisting.
Sayo: Very well. Why don't we come up with a plan again sometime soon?
Hina: Yay! I love you, Sis!
Sayo: Whoa! Hina...! Don't suddenly hug me... Good grief.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Exciting Aspirations>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Residential Area]

Hina: Ah, it's {{userName}}-san and Marina-san! Yoo-hoo!
Marina: Hello, Hina-chan. Are you on your way home from school?
Hina: Yeah, I am. You've got a lot of bags. Were you both out on a shopping run?
Marina: Ahaha, good guess~. You got it right. We went shopping for equipment.
Marina: Oh, hey. We got the souvenir you got us on your school excursion from Lisa-chan. Thanks for thinking of us.
Hina: You're welcome! Our trip was a lotta fun, so we wanted to share it with you♪
Marina: Fufu. It sounds like it turned out to be a great trip. You went to Australia, right?
Hina: That's right! I was wondering how it would turn out, but it was an awesomely boppin' trip♪
Marina: Wow, how nice! But didn't you have a hard time being overseas?
Hina: Hmm, not really. Lisa-chi took good care of us! I might've liked it if there had been some more trouble~.
Marina: R-really?
Hina: Yeah! After all, it's fun when plans don't go exactly as you want or something unexpected happens!
Hina: So it was really boppin' when we went to Uluru~♪
Hina: The scenery was a hundred times more impressive than the photos, and we almost missed the bus back!
Marina: Huh? Were you all okay?
Hina: Yeah! We all ran and made it just in time! That time was funny~. It was super unexpected that nobody realized what time it was!
Marina: Fufu... It certainly can be surprising and flustering when something happens out of the blue. But that would also make for good inspiration and memories.
Hina: That's Marina-san for ya! You really get it! Having excitement really is important!
Hina: Our school trip was so much fun. Next time I'd like to go on a trip with Pastel＊Palettes~.
Hina: Maybe a trip abroad... Ah, an overseas tour might be good!
Hina: And a trip through space too! We'll probably be able to go on one in a few decades, right?
Marina: Ahaha, you sure have a lot of aspirations. But do you think you can wait that long?
Hina: Probably not! But when that happens, I just need to work something out so we can go!
Hina: When that happens, you two should come with us! It'll definitely be fun!
Marina: You want us to join you on a journey in space? Fufu. Now that would be something to look forward to.
Hina: I know, right?! Now I've got one more thing to look forward to in the future!
Hina: When that happens, I hope I'll have even more surprises waiting for me~. Like I meet aliens or get to land on an unknown planet!
Hina: Now that I've decided that, I have to do some research! So I'll be going now! Bye-bye!
Marina: Okay, see you!
Marina: ... Meeting aliens and landing on an unknown planet... Hina-chan probably would make all that happen...
