1657_Hina Hikawa_R4 The Fun's Just Starting

Gacha phrase: We're faaar from ending this special time together~.

<I’m a Big Sister Too!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Hikawa Residence - Hina's Room]

Eve: Zzz... Zzz...
Hina: Eve-chan's sleeping so peacefully~.
Maya: It's probably because she's calmed down. She's been through a lot today.
Aya: She sure has. I had no idea she was feeling that sad.
Chisato: She was trying very hard not to worry us.
Chisato: Eve-chan is such a kind girl. But also... Fufu.
Aya: ...? Chisato-chan...?
Chisato: Hina-chan, it was as if you were Eve-chan's big sister today.
Hina: I was like Sis...?
Maya: Well... she doesn't mean you were like Sayo-san. More like you were acting like a big sister.
Aya: When you gently helped Eve-chan calm down, it was like you two were very close sisters!
Chisato: I agree. It was very heartwarming.
Hina: So that's how everyone saw things. I guess I was like a big sister~.
Hina: Aya-chan, you can call me "Sis" if you want!
Aya: Huh?
Hina: If you do, I'll be really sweet to you. You're always working so hard~! You're such a good girl♪
Aya: H-hold on, Hina-chan~! I like being praised, but being treated like your little sister would be embarrassing~.
Hina: Ahaha, I'm just teasing you.
Hina: But are you guys saying I was acting like that today?
Chisato: If you went that far, it would be a little too much... Perhaps it was more like you were being kind to someone younger than you.
Chisato: You seemed like a big sister in the way you carefully listened and tried to comfort her.
Hina: Hmm, I only told her what I was thinking, but I get what you're saying~.
Hina: Maybe Sis feels the same way. If she does, then I guess I'm kinda happy to understand her better!
Hina: A lot happened today~. Work suddenly got canceled, and then we all hung out together!
Aya: I never imagined our extended hang-out time would end with us sleeping over at your house.
Hina: I just didn't want things to end the way they were~.
Maya: I think I kind of understand why you felt that way. We were having fun, so it would've been sad to say goodbye then...
Hina: Exactly. And Eve-chan cried so much. I was like, "No way we can all just go home after that."
Chisato: And that's when you thought of doing the "twenty-four-hour extension."
Hina: Well~, yeah, but thanks to the extra time together, I feel like Eve-chan is back to her ol' self!
Hina: Remember? She said she's gonna support us even more than before.
Hina: Even I could feel Eve-chan's bushido spirit when she said that.
Hina: I felt like it reached deep down inside of me and gave me a big hug. It was so boppin'♪
Chisato: Fufu, I know what you mean. I felt it very strongly too.
Chisato: We can carry her support in our hearts and do our very best as we face the challenges ahead of us...
Chisato: Right now, that is how we can honor Eve-chan's feelings for us.
Aya: Yeah! Alright~! I'm going to study like never before~!
Maya: H-hey, Aya-san, you're going to wake Eve-san if you get too excited.
Aya: Ah...! Y-you're right. Sorry...
Eve: Mmm~...
Aya, Chisato, Maya & Hina: ...!!
Eve: Aya-san... there's a samurai... photo booth... over there...
Aya: Wh-what... is she talking about...?
Eve: Zzz... Zzz...
Chisato: ... Fufu, she's talking in her sleep.
Aya: Thank goodness... I thought we'd woken her up~.
Maya: She's probably dreaming about what we did today. She looks so happy while she's sleeping.
Eve: Fufu... I love you all... so much...
Hina: Fufu. We love you too, Eve-chan.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Always and Here>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Hina: Mmm~, yum! I'm glad I went with this one~.
Hina: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hiya~!
Hina: You're not sure which drink to get? In that case, why not get what I'm drinking? It's a limited-time-only frappé with tons of cream!
Hina: It's insanely sweet. One sip, and you'll be hooked!
Hina: Ah, by the way, listen to this~. The other day, Pastel＊Palettes hung out together.
Hina: Our work got canceled last minute, so we went to have some fun in Shibuya and to celebrate Aya-chan getting an A on her practice exam since we were free♪
Hina: We ate at a fast food place and checked out an import knick-knack shop...
Hina: Ah, last, we went to an arcade and took pictures in a photo booth. It was suuuch a fun day!
Hina: And after doing tons of fun things together, we were about to all head home when Eve-chan started crying.
Hina: She said she didn't want our time together to end and was sad we were going to be graduating. The tears just kept coming and coming.
Hina: I was like, "Oh~, Eve-chan must be feeling the same way as Lisa-chi."
Hina: Yep, you heard right. On our school trip, Lisa-chi said she was sad we were graduating too.
Hina: I'm excited to go to college, so I don't really get why someone would feel down about it~.
Hina: I don't feel the way they do, but it was easy to tell that Eve-chan was sad. I didn't want her to keep looking so heartbroken.
Hina: So I told her I wouldn't graduate, but then she was all like, "You must not do that!"
Hina: She said I had to graduate and go to college, and she wanted to see me do it.
Hina: I thought redoing my senior year with Eve-chan might be nice though~.
Hina: One second she was bawling her eyes out, but the next, she shook it off and got herself together... That was such an Eve-chan way of handling things!
Hina: The whole experience taught me something about her. She was feeling so sad because she cares so deeply about us.
Hina: Realizing that and how much I'm loved was so, so touching!
Hina: So I decided that if I wanted to do right by Eve-chan, then I'd have to graduate on schedule like a senior should!
Hina: Huh? Yeah, I'm not sad to graduate. I'm looking forward to it.
Hina: Ohhh wait, are you thinking I won't be able to see you much once I start college?
Hina: Even though I'm graduating, that doesn't mean Pastel＊Palettes is breaking up. So I can come see you right away when I want to!
Hina: And no matter how far apart we might get, there are always cars and planes and rockets, right?
Hina: Whoosh! I'll be able to see you in a flash!
Hina: So don't worry~♪ I'll still be able to come to CiRCLE whenever I want.
Hina: Ah, it's almost time for me to start working. See ya~.
