1699_Hina Hikawa_R4 Graduation

Gacha phrase: Let's all take a brand new boppin' step forward♪

<Messages from Underclassmen>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

Kasumi: Hina-san~, congrats on graduating~!
Kasumi: I'll never forget what you said about how the starlight we see now is from hundreds of years ago!
Kasumi: Just like the stars, let's become lights that last hundreds of years too!
Arisa: Hina-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Arisa: You seem to be a bit of a free spirit... but that's probably also what lets you get along with people and make them smile.
Arisa: I know because I'm one of them.
Rimi: Hina-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Rimi: I've always admired how you have so many ideas to share, no matter where you are.
Rimi: Even once you're at college, I hope you continue using your unique ideas to enjoy each day even more than you are now.
Tae: Hina-san, congratulations on graduating.
Tae: Do you remember that time we went to the beach? I had fun doing things like touching the Stones of Happiness.
Tae: Let's go somewhere again. I have a feeling a lot of fun things will happen if I'm with you!
Saya: Hina-san, congratulations on graduating.
Saya: I'm really amazed by how you're always so true to yourself and capable of taking initiative.
Saya: I want to learn from you and be that way so that I can expand my world!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Hina-san, congratulations on graduating. Also, thanks for being the student council president.
Ran: I had my doubts when you became president, but looking back, it wasn't bad at all.
Ran: It might be a bit much to say I owe it to you, but I actually enjoyed my second year at school quite a bit.
Moca: Hina-senpai~, congrats on your graduation~.
Moca: Tsugu always looked like she had her hands full while doing student council stuff with you, but she also looked really alive, you know?
Moca: You two really did make an amazing duo~. Even after you go to college, I hope you'll keep watching over Tsugu and the rest of us~.
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Tsugumi: You made school exciting, and I hope to follow in your footsteps and make it an even more fun place.
Tsugumi: So, please come and visit sometime. I'll make sure the Haneoka you see has evolved!
Tomoe: Hina-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Tomoe: You never run out of fun things to say because there's so much that you know in general. It made listening to you a real pleasure.
Tomoe: I hope I get the chance again. I'm especially interested in hearing about college.
Himari: Hina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
Himari: Each time I enjoy our cafeteria's great selection of offerings, it reminds me of your amazing accomplishment!
Himari: Ehehe, thanks for doing that and so many other fun things. I'm really glad you were our student council president!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Hina, congrats on graduating! I bet tonight's stars will all be celebrating your graduation!
Kokoro: It'd be great to go and see the stars with you again. I'm sure there'll be lots of new discoveries to make!
Hagumi: Hina-chan-sensei, congrats on graduating!
Hagumi: Ever since you taught me, I like studying more than I used to. You made me want to keep learning more!
Hagumi: I hope I get to keep learning from you!
Misaki: Hina-san, congratulations on graduating.
Misaki: I have to say you're rather unique and free-spirited...
Misaki: But this last year at Haneoka was probably fun because you were the student council president. Oh, also, I hope you had a great three years in high school.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Hina-chin, congrats on graduating!
Ako: Thanks for planning all sorts of fun stuff as Haneoka's student council president! They helped me become really close with my classmates!
Ako: Keep doing what you enjoy, even in college!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): Hina, there's no denying that you're amazing on the guitar...
CHU² (Chiyu): You have an unpredictable sound that doesn't fit into any mold... I can actually appreciate that.
CHU² (Chiyu): Your talent likely gets to shine because you're allowed to play freely in your band. Congrats on graduating as well. I'm looking forward to seeing what you can do.
LAYER (Rei): Hikawa-san, congratulations on your graduation.
LAYER (Rei): The way you play the guitar is so free-form. Even just listening to it can be liberating.
LAYER (Rei): I hope you never stop being free. Also, please allow me to congratulate you again.
LOCK (Rokka): Hina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
LOCK (Rokka): I really admire your freaking incredible guitar technique! The same goes for how you can nail the parts that need nailing despite playing so freely on stage!
LOCK (Rokka): I'll always support you, so please don't ever stop playing your way!
MASKING (Masuki): Hina-san, congrats on graduatin'!
MASKING (Masuki): I've always been real amazed by how slick and unpredictable you can be on the guitar!
MASKING (Masuki): If you'd like, let's do a session sometime!
PAREO (Reona): Hina-chan, congratulations on your graduation...!
PAREO (Reona): You truly are the trickster of Pastel＊Palettes...! Your freedom makes even predicting what you will do next impossible, and that makes my heart throb very much!
PAREO (Reona): Keep using your wonderful imagination to surprise us, no, surprise the world and even the universe...! There's no limit to what you and Pastel＊Palettes can do...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Hina-san, congratulations on your graduation...!
Mashiro: I'm someone who always worries about how others will see me if I make a mistake...
Mashiro: That's why I really think it's amazing how you can keep trying new things without any regard for how others see you...
Tsukushi: Hina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsukushi: I'm still helping my younger sisters study using the approach to studying you taught me!
Tsukushi: Thank you very much for your help back then!
Nanami: Hina-senpai, congratulations on your graduation~.
Nanami: I still have the Eerie Island snack prize kappa I got when we were together.
Nanami: Did you know a new Eerie Island series came out? Let's try to complete that set together as well~.
Toko: Hina-san, congratulations on graduating!
Toko: When I saw your performance on stage during the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY!, I thought you were, like, totally unstoppable!
Toko: I was no slouch, though, don't you think? Let's do a show together again!
Rui: Hikawa-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Rui: Your sound when you perform on stage is assertive and considerably unique.
Rui: However, I believe those qualities are also what made your guitar performance memorable. I wish you the best.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Hina-san, I cried very much!
Eve: I cried very, very much... That's why I would like for us to smile together a dozen times as much for every tear I've shed!
Eve: Hina-san... Congratulations on your graduation!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Where the Most Fun Is>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[School Path]

Hina: Hm-hmhm-hmm~♪
Hina: ... Oh, {{userName}}-san!
Hina: What're you doing here? Is CiRCLE closed?
Hina: I'm just taking a walk along the path that leads to school. This road leads to Haneoka, you know?
Hina: If you go a bit further, it branches out, and the other branch leads to Hanasakigawa.
Hina: I couldn't walk to school with my sister every day because she had disciplinary committee stuff and all that...
Hina: Whenever we did get to walk together, though, I wished Hanasakigawa and Haneoka were one school so many times.
Hina: ... Hmm~...
Hina: You see, right after I enrolled at Haneoka, I wanted to go to Hanasakigawa instead~.
Hina: I wanted to be at the same school as my sister, wear the same uniform, walk along the same path up ahead, and join the same committee.
Hina: ... But it didn't work out that way for me.
Hina: I went to Haneoka, wore their uniform, had to take the opposite path from my sister, joined the Astronomy Club, and in my third year, I became student council president.
Hina: When I look back now at how I spent the last three years...
Hina: I'm really glad things worked out the way they did.
Hina: Every day, I found myself excited to go to school and wondering what would happen.
Hina: Just remembering makes my heart feel warm, fills my head with excitement, and makes my heart dance with boppin' energy♪
Hina: The last three years I've had have been so awesome.
Hina: Ehehe. I owe it all to everyone at Haneoka.
Hina: At Haneoka, things will be really fun for the student council, and somebody will join the Astronomy Club. I really wish I could see them find the notebook.
Hina: I bet each day is gonna be so boppin'...♪ But I don't want to go back to Haneoka one bit.
Hina: I didn't talk to anybody about what college to go to. I didn't even find out I was going to the same place as my sister until after we'd both made our decision.
Hina: I picked the path I wanted to explore the most, and my sister just happened to be there. I bet college is going to be filled with fun every day!
Hina: ... I really can't wait to see what the days ahead have in store for me.
Hina: Wherever I am is where the most fun is.
Hina: I wonder what's going to happen. Boy, I'm starting to feel so boppin'♪
