1724_Hina Hikawa_R4 Enjoy China Town♪

Gacha phrase: I wanna learn more about you~!

<If You Were Getting a License...>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Keiho Women's University - Cafeteria]

Hina: Spending time in the cafeteria with Sis~♪ What should we get~? The cafeteria chocolate croissant is good~. Sis, have you tried it?
Sayo: No. It is almost lunchtime, so we should probably choose something light.
Hina: Okay then, how about we split a chocolate croissant?
Sayo: Well, I would not mind th- Hrm? Is that Matsubara-san and Yamato-san over there?
Hina: Ah, it is. I wonder what they're looking at on the phone. Hey~, Kanon-chan, Maya-chan~!
Kanon: Hina-chan, Sayo-chan, hi.
Maya: Hrm? Hina-san, don't you have a class now?
Hina: The professor canceled today's class~. But that meant I got to come to campus at the same time as Sis, so I lucked out!
Hina: What were you two doing~? I saw you looking at Maya-chan's phone.
Maya: We were looking at this.
Sayo: It's a website... about cars? This car looks very vintage.
Hina: Whoa, that's so cool~! This car was in a movie~!
Hina: By the way, Maya-chan, you were really into the producer's car the other day when we were roaming around~.
Hina: You said you wanted to get your driver's license too! Ah! Wait, do you wanna get this car?
Maya: No, no, I haven't even thought about it that much yet! I was just looking at some cars with Matsubara-san.
Hina: Oh~, so you're not buying it~.
Kanon: But it's fun to look. We were talking about which cars would be nice to ride in if we could drive.
Hina: Really~?! What kinda cars do you two wanna drive?
Kanon: I think I'd like this round beetle-looking car. The design is cute, and the navigation system has all the latest features. It's supposed to give really detailed directions.
Kanon: The car seems to come in many colors too, so I thought it would be fun to pick a color with the rest of Hello, Happy World!
Maya: I like this car. It's spacious, so I could fit equipment and my drum set in it. The space could probably even be used for taking a rest on long trips!
Sayo: Safety and functionality... You both picked cars that match your personalities.
Kanon: Fufu, cars feel so grown up. I really hope to have one someday. Hina-chan, what kind of car would you like to have?
Hina: Huh? Me? Hmm~... Rather than a car...
Hina: I'd want a plane!
Kanon: A-a plane?
Sayo: There you go off on another tangent again...
Hina: When we went to Australia for our school trip, flying was so much fun!
Hina: Only a plane can zip through the air at 33,000 feet at 900 kilometers per hour, right?
Hina: And if I could fly a plane, I could go anywhere in the world. That would be so totally boppin'♪
Maya: Fufu, it's just like you to think of something like that.
Hina: Besides, you're gonna get a license to drive a car, so I figured I should get something different.
Hina: If I had a pilot's license, I could fly everyone anywhere~♪
Sayo: Goodness, you are unbelievable... Even if you had a pilot's license, you could not use an airplane whenever you liked, right? Your ideas are never based in reality.
Hina: Oh yeah~. I guess you've got a point.
Hina: Then, I'll get a helicopter~! I can rent one of those, right?!
Sayo: T-true. Well, that is certainly more realistic than owning an airplane...
Maya: Ahaha... What's amazing about you, Hina-san, is that you might actually do that.
Kanon: But you would definitely look cool flying a helicopter. I might want to see that.
Sayo: Matsubara-san, if you say things like that, Hina will actually get invested...
Hina: We could go to the Amazon, an African savanna, the Gobi Desert, and even the pyramids too. I wanna see 'em all. Ah, and we absolutely have to go to Antarctica!
Hina: I could take Pastel＊Palettes on a nationwide tour, and maybe we could use the helicopter as part of our performance too!
Hina: Ah, but, Sis, if I got a pilot's license, I'd take you on a ride first! Think about where you wanna go!
Kanon: Hrm...? Are you serious about this...?
Hina: Lemme just find a place where I can get a license... Ah, I found the number for one~♪
Sayo: H-hey, Hina! Who are you calling?
Maya: A-aren't you rushing things a little?! You should probably think things over more.
Hina: Awww~, but I wanna fly a helicopter~! You can't wait around to do things! Ah, hello...?
Maya: H-Hina-san, stop! Stop~!
Sayo: W-wait, Hina!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Life Is Full of Surprises>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Now we've got everything we need. This is a lot, though. Can you carry everything?
Hina: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi~!
Marina: Hina-chan, hi. Are you on your way home from college?
Hina: Yep, my classes just finished~.
Hina: Hey~, hey~, listen to this! Pastel＊Palettes is gonna be in the Tokyo Idol Summit tournament next~♪
Marina: Ah, Aya-chan told me about that. It's a competition that'll decide the number one idols, right? I can't believe you're going to be in a tournament like that!
Hina: Yeah, I'm pretty psyched about it too~. Plus, Pastel＊Palettes got a producer too~!
Marina: They're a former member of Marmalade, right?
Hina: That's right! She's from Aya-chan's favorite idol group. When we met her, Aya-chan's head nearly exploded!
Hina: She was more like a fan meeting an idol at an event than an idol meeting her new producer...
Hina: Ahaha! Aya-chan was so excited when we met her. It was so hilarious~♪
Marina: Fufu, I can imagine how happy she must have been.
Hina: But that's not the only thing. Our producer, Nao-san, seems like a pretty interesting person~.
Marina: Oh, really? What's Nao-san like?
Hina: Well~, we met to rehearse the other day, but she wanted to drive us around so she could show us some places~. I couldn't believe how beat up her car was~♪
Hina: We went to places like China Town and the zoo, and she told us a lot about herself.
Hina: She said you can't really learn what kinda person someone is just by reading their profile and looking them up online.
Marina: That's probably true. She's a nice person to do something like that so you all can get to know each other.
Hina: Hmm~, I kinda got the impression that for her, it was less about being nice and more about doing what was necessary.
Hina: Nao-san is always kinda goofing around, so it's hard for me to get a read on her...
Hina: But since I don't know what she's gonna say next, she's really fun to be around. She's totally unpredictable.
Marina: I see. You're amazing.
Hina: Really? But I usually wanna get to know more about people who aren't like me because I find them so interesting~.
Hina: That's how I feel about Nao-san, and I'm excited to see what kind of idols we meet in the TIS. It's totally boppin' thinking about what's gonna happen in the future♪
Marina: Yeah, we're looking forward to what Pastel＊Palettes does next.
Hina: Thanks! Well, I've gotta go! See ya~!
