1748_Hina Hikawa_R5 Galaxy Idol

Gacha phrase: Everyone, I'm begging you, please save me...!

<Hina's Question!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Today's recording of All Fun and Games was so interesting~! It's not every day that we play a guessing game about what's inside of takoyaki balls!
Eve: You were very cute when you ate the super spicy takoyaki! I cannot wait until this episode is released.
Hina: Hey~, guys! I want you to solve this problem before we leave~.
Chisato: Would that... happen to be a problem for the escape room game?
Maya: I was curious what kind of problem you'd come up with! That's for the event you're producing, right?
Hina: Yep, that's right! I came up with the greatest problem ever, so I want you guys to try solving it.
Aya: Wow, this should be fun~! Okay~, let's give it our best shot~!
Hina: Ta-da~, here's the problem! You've got ten minutes! Ready? Go!
Eve: Now then, let us have... a fair bout!
Aya: ... Hrm? This is the problem...? All I see is strange writing...
Maya: Wh-what is this...? Are they symbols? Or pictograms...?
Chisato: Hieroglyphs... perhaps?
Hina: By the way, I've got a punishment waiting for whoever doesn't solve the problem♪
Aya: Whaaat~?! We'll get punished?! You don't need to do that~. We don't even know how to solve this yet~...
Eve: We will be alright, Aya-san! As long as we do not give up, I am sure we will solve it! W-we will...
Hina: Is it that hard? I wrote the problem in a language I imagined aliens would use to talk to each other.
Maya: O-oh... So, the problem is written in these symbols. By the way, are there any more hints?
Hina: Hmm~, nope. If there were, you'd solve it right away! I made this pretty easy~.
Chisato: Is this really easy...?
Aya: Ah, I figured something out! There's a drawing at the bottom of the paper with the problem on it. That just has to be a hint to solving it!
Aya: I heard that escape room games aren't only about how the problems are written. Things nearby are important too!
Maya: Wow! Good thinking! It's true that clues can be hidden very close by.
Hina: Wrong~. That's just a doodle I made while I was thinking of the problem~. It's got nothing to do with anything.
Aya: What?! It's unrelated?!
Eve: If that is true, then I am about ready to give up... Even with bushido, I do not understand this at all... This has brought this warrior disgrace...
Chisato: Hina-chan, I know you worked very hard to make this problem, but it may be good to consider the people who are going to be trying to solve this.
Hina: What do you mean?
Chisato: For example, many of the people coming to play this escape room game will be our fans, won't they? So...
Aya: Ah! Like, make a problem that only Pastel＊Palettes fans can solve?!
Chisato: Yes, that's what I mean.
Hina: A problem that only Pastel＊Palettes fans can solve~...
Eve: It may even be nice to make a problem that would encourage people who are new to Pastel＊Palettes to learn more about us!
Chisato: Fufu, that sounds good too.
Hina: Hmm~, what would make for a good problem~?
Aya: How about a problem that's about us? It could be about one of our birthdays!
Maya: A problem you could answer by listening to one of our songs could be fun too.
Chisato: I think your unique way of making a problem is good, but the problem could be even better if there's an element of Pastel＊Palettes to it.
Hina: ...!
Hina: It just came to me! Alright, how about this?
Hina: Aya-chan's special pose is the fluffy pink pose, but at what angle does she hold her hands when she does it?
Aya: Huh?! I-I don't hold them any special way~!
Maya: Umm, Aya-san's hands are about his big, and her arms are about this long, so she would hold them, umm...
Chisato: Fufu. Well, you're thinking the right way. If that's the kind of problem you want to make, then we can help you come up with others.
Eve: Yes! Please let us assist you!
Hina: Right! I think I know what to do now! I'll try to make another problem!
Chisato: Great, we're looking forward to it.
Hina: Cool, thanks~! ... Ah, by the way...
Maya: What is it?
Hina: It's already been ten minutes. Your time is up~!
Aya: Huh?! You were still timing us on the first problem?!
Hina: Of course I was~! And since nobody solved it within the time limit, you all are getting punished~♪
Aya & Eve & Maya & Chisato: Whaaat~?!
Hina: I told you, didn't it? Whoever doesn't solve the problem will get punished!
Hina: So, here's your punishment...♪


<The Bride’s Perspective>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Shopping Mall - Movie Theater]

Marina: We've picked up all the supplies we needed, so I guess we can go back now. Hrm? Is that...
Hina: Huh? Marina-san~, {{userName}}-san~!
Marina: Hina-chan, hi. Do you have a day off from work today?
Hina: I sure do~! I came to see a movie a fan told me about.
Marina: Oh, that's nice! What will you watch?
Hina: Well~, it's a movie where people go on a big adventure through space, visiting all kinds of planets!
Marina: Whoa~, it sounds like you're set for a trip through the stars.
Hina: Yeah, but I was just flying around on a spaceship the other day!
Marina: What?! ... Wait, are you talking about the escape room game you produced?
Hina: Bingo~! That's right~! But how'd you know about that?
Marina: PAREO-chan told me about it the other day. She said it was really difficult, but she had lots of fun.
Hina: She did, huh~? Fufufu, so did I!
Hina: I loved helping with things like making puzzle-solving problems because it was so different from my usual work~.
Marina: It certainly is a little rare to produce an escape room. I'd like to try solving the problems you came up with.
Hina: Really~? But I wonder if you two could solve them~. They're pretty tough~.
Marina: Fufu. Well, I guess that means PAREO-chan and the others must've worked really hard to finish the game first.
Hina: They did! They worked super hard!
Hina: I talked with them during the game using a communicator, and I could tell how nervous and excited they were...
Hina: When they solved the last problem and came running to rescue me, it was like so... bop-bop-boppin'♪
Marina: I see. That must've been a really wonderful moment for you.
Hina: I dunno, but it probably was! Plus, I got to see PARE-chan get all emotional!
Hina: Wanna see a picture of that? Lemme see~, I thought I saved it in one of the folders on my phone...
Marina: Ah, by the way, is your movie starting soon?
Hina: Huh? Ah, it is! It starts in five minutes! I'll show you the picture next time! Bye~!
