1787_Hina Hikawa_R5 The Edge of a Precipice

Gacha phrase: Show me, Aya-chan! I wanna see you be boppin'♪

<Black Coffee>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Rei Wakana)

[Café]

Hina: Ah, finally! My super-large fries set! Mmm~, smells amazing and looks delicious~♪
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, it really does.
LAYER (Rei): I have to say, though, being here with you feels a bit strange. I was really surprised when the first thing you said when we met was "Let's go to a café~!"
Hina: I needed a good way to kill time until my meeting, and I remembered I never thanked you properly for last time.
Hina: Are you really sure you're okay with just black coffee though?
LAYER (Rei): Yes, this will do.
Hina: Hmm...? I did say you could get anything you liked~. You're so strange~, LAYER-chan!
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha... I-I am? Well, it's not like I did anything to deserve your thanks anyway.
Hina: Huh? You totally did.
Hina: Because of you, I got to have so much fun doing a street performance, and Aya-chan didn't have to stop being our vocalist!
Hina: Aya-chan herself said "I can't thank LAYER-chan enough~!" you know?
LAYER (Rei): All I did was talk though. The two of you were the ones who did the actual work. In any case, I'm glad I was able to at least help out a little.
LAYER (Rei): ... By the way, Nao-san must be quite the gutsy producer if she can pull a stunt like that before the first round of a major competition like the TIS.
Hina: She really is. I've never been around anyone like her, so I find her pretty interesting actually.
LAYER (Rei): ... I-interesting?
Hina: Mm-hmm! She makes me feel boppin'♪ Actually, maybe it's more like tingly.
LAYER (Rei): Oh... I thought you were in a more difficult situation, but you seem surprisingly blithe.
LAYER (Rei): ... Oops, I'm sorry. That was a poor choice of words.
Hina: Ahaha, no worries! It's true, after all.
Hina: Well, things are difficult in a lot of ways~, but it's all good since I got to see an even more boppin' Aya-chan in the end♪
Hina: I have a feeling Nao-san's still up to something, though, but I figure I'll let it slide so long as it makes Pastel＊Palettes even more boppin'♪
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha... Even more boppin', is it?
Hina: Yup! Oh, but if she pulls a similar stunt again...
Hina: I don't think I can make myself sit and watch from the sidelines~. I intend to make a move!
LAYER (Rei): Make a move...? That sounds a little ominous coming from you, Hikawa-san.
Hina: Ahaha, it won't be anything like what you're thinking~♪
Hina: I'm guessing you're someone who'd understand, though, LAYER-chan.
Hina: There are things that need to be changed and made new sometimes, but there are also things that should never be changed.
Hina: The right people can let you make new discoveries about yourself... and see sights you never even knew existed...
Hina: They're the people who should never change or be made to change because unless it's with "them," none of it will mean anything.
LAYER (Rei): ... Yes... I do understand...
LAYER (Rei): Because I joined RAS, I got to learn new things about myself and see new sights, new music.
LAYER (Rei): If change is what it takes to see the sights that lie ahead, then I want to keep changing... but I refuse to chase those sights unless everyone in RAS can come with me.
LAYER (Rei): ... That's how I see things, and that's why I completely understand where you're coming from.
Hina: I knew you'd get it~♪
Hina: Oh, it's from one of the staff... Bummer. The meeting's being moved up a bit.
Hina: I so can't believe they're interrupting our time together~.
Hina: ... Maybe I can just skip it.
LAYER (Rei): N-no, you have to go! It's work. We can do this again whenever you want.
Hina: Really? Hmm, I was hoping to chat with you some more! Oh well.
Hina: At least I got to know you a bit better, so I suppose this'll do for today♪
Hina: You know, you're surprisingly interesting, LAYER-chan!
LAYER (Rei): Interesting? Me...?
Hina: Mm-hmm. I said you could order anything you liked, but you went out of your way to get the exact opposite. It makes no sense, but it sure is interesting!
LAYER (Rei): Huh...?
Hina: Anyway, let's do this again, okay? See ya~!
LAYER (Rei): Oh, y-yes! Bye...!
LAYER (Rei): (How in the world did she know I don't like black coffee when I never even mentioned it..?)
LAYER (Rei): (...)
LAYER (Rei): (Hikawa-san certainly is a remarkable person...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Hina's Instinct>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Alright~, shopping's done. Hey, look. Some kids are doing a street performance again.
Marina: You know, we still have time... Let's stay and listen for a bit!
???: Boo!
Marina: Ahh!
Hina: Ehehe~! Surprised, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: H-Hina-chan?! It was you~...?! You freaked me out so much~...
Hina: Ahaha, sorry! When I saw you two from behind, I just had to do it♪
Hina: What are you guys looking at anyway? Ohh, a street performance~!
Marina: Yeah. We decided to check them out since we didn't recognize them.
Hina: Huh. Oh, speaking of street performances, did you know I did one with Aya-chan the other day?
Marina: Fufu, you bet! It even came up during the TIS, didn't it?
Marina: I have to say, I'm honestly surprised your agency gave you the green light.
Hina: Green light? We never even asked. It was a spur-of-the-moment thing!
Marina: Uh, r-really?!
Hina: Uh-huh. That's why we got chewed out later!
Hina: It's all good though! Both the agency and our producer came around in the end!
Marina: Oh... At least you didn't completely get in trouble... By the way, what made you suddenly decide to do it?
Hina: It was LAYER-chan's idea. We asked her for advice about Aya-chan's situation. Aya-chan was having trouble figuring out how to avoid being swapped out.
Marina: Oh, the vocalist swap. I heard about that during the TIS broadcast. Seemed like a pretty extreme idea.
Hina: I know, right~? It's hard to say how much of it was for real, but I was still pretty surprised when I heard it. I couldn't believe what I was hearing...
Marina: Yeah, I don't blame you. At least it's done and over with, right?
Hina: Maybe for now. I get the feeling there's gonna be more~. That's what my instinct is telling me, anyway!
Marina: O-oh... You don't seem to mind all that much though...
Hina: It shows, huh? I'm actually kind of looking forward to it.
Marina: Uh... looking forward to it?
Hina: Yeah. The whole thing was a bit rough, but I got to see a boppin' Aya-chan and got a boppin' street performance out of it♪
Hina: I bet so much will happen during the second round. It's hard not to look forward to it when I think of all the fun I'll get to have and the new feelings I'll experience.
Marina: Fufu, I see. You certainly are a glass-half-full kind of girl. Well, good luck with the second round!
Hina: Thanks! Oh, it's almost time for my meeting. Anyway, thanks also for listening~! Bye~!
