1850_Hina Hikawa_R5 Boppin' Twinsies♪

Gacha phrase: Ehehe, twinsies with you♪

<Best Day Off Pt. 1>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Hina: Hm-hm-hm-hmm♪ Shopping time, shopping time♪
Sayo: You're in a very good mood today.
Hina: That's because I'm shopping with you for the first time in ages! Of course I'm in a good mood!
Sayo: Goodness, you are making a big deal out of nothing.
Hina: I am not! Anyway, let's decide which shops to go to!
Hina: I reckon we should start with a light meal, and then go look at accessories!
Hina: Ah, but a knick-knack shop could be fun too! I wanna get a little shelf to display ornaments and such, too. And then~...
Sayo: Sigh... Hina. What was our purpose in coming here today?
Hina: Huh? To have fun shopping together, no?
Sayo: You know that's not it.
Sayo: We came to buy an outfit for your magazine shoot. That was supposed to be our goal for the day.
Sayo: The theme of the shoot is "Fall Holiday," and you need to come up with an outfit for it.
Sayo: You could wear an outfit you already own, but since it's for a shoot, you want something new... And so, you wanted me to come shopping with you...
Sayo: Or at least, that's what the person who burst into my room yesterday said, wasn't it?
Hina: Well, yeah, but-
Hina: Ever since we started college, we've been even busier than ever with our classes and bands, right?
Hina: So it's been a pretty long time since we've hung out and shopped together.
Sayo: That is... true, I suppose.
Hina: Right?!
Hina: After today, I just know we'll both get so busy that we'll have to put off shopping together again for ages!
Hina: So I thought I'd enjoy shopping with you to the fullest today.
Sayo: So that's why you were eager to visit so many stores.
Sayo: But even so, I don't think we should put off what we came here for.
Hina: Huh, you think so? If we're gonna do it all anyway, I don't think it matters what order we do it in.
Sayo: Of course it matters.
Sayo: If we enter stores without so much as a plan, we could run out of time to buy what we need. It's like putting the cart before the horse.
Sayo: You don't want the day to end with us going back and forth between stores, panicking as we run out of time, do you?
Sayo: That is why we should do what we came here for fir-
Hina: ...
Sayo: Wh-why are you looking at me like that?
Hina: Because~!
Hina: You're thinking so hard about how I can get the most out of our day together, and it's making me so happy~!
Sayo: That's not- I am only explaining the most efficient way to spend our time.
Hina: Same thing~!
Hina: But in that case, let's go look at clothing first! Come on, Sis. Hurry up!
Sayo: Ah- Wait, Hina...! You don't need to pull me so-
(Black cut)

[Shopping Mall - Clothing Shop]

Hina: This skirt, or these shorts. Hmm, but overalls would be cute, too~.
Hina: This shirt is also really cool~! Isn't it kinda nice how the fabric is different here?
Sayo: It is nice, but... weren't you looking for fall clothes?
Hina: Ah, right. Okay, umm~...
Sayo: ... How about this?
Hina: Whoa, what a cute dress! That's really pretty!
Sayo: And this jacket has a nice fall look to it.
Hina: Yeah, yeah! That's awesome!
Sayo: Also, this long skirt, and-
Hina: Wow~, I love it! I'll get this!
Sayo: ... Hold on. You barely even looked at it.
Sayo: When choosing an item, you should examine it closely and carefully.
Hina: What~? But it's something you chose for me. That fact alone makes it feel especially boppin'♪
Sayo: Oh, goodness... Even so, if you keep on like this, you will never make a decision.
Sayo: Why don't you think of a personal twist on the "Fall Holiday" theme? ... Like a sub-theme of sorts to help narrow down your choices.
Hina: A sub-theme, huh~? ... Like, "clothes you could wear to a café"?
Sayo: Yes. Alright, how about we look a little more... What do you think of this?
Hina: Wow, what a cute cardigan! I'm getting this~!
Sayo: This is going to take some time...
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Best Day Off Pt. 2>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Shopping Mall - Clothing Shop]

Sayo: We took a good look around, but you have yet to buy anything.
Hina: If you ask me, I think all the options were great~. They all looked good on me!
Sayo: That may be true, but you weren't set on any of them.
Sayo: Perhaps we should look at a slightly different style. I believe there was a nice store on the next floor up.
Hina: But before that, let's look at the back! I saw one of the workers setting some new display up!
Sayo: You did? But we wouldn't want to get in the way-
Hina: Okay, then I'll go ask if we can take a look!
Sayo: Ah, wait, Hina...! Gosh...!
(Black cut)
Hina: Excuse me! Is it okay if we take a look at these clothes here too?
Clerk: Ah, welcome! Please, do!
Clerk: Just excuse me while I finish unpacking the stock. It was supposed to arrive last night, but something went wrong, so it only just arrived now.
Sayo: I see. So that is why you are putting it on display now.
Clerk: Yes... If anything catches your eye, I'll get it out for you right away, so please let me know.
Sayo: Thank you very much.
Sayo: We're in luck, Hina. Let's get to looking.
Hina: Wow...! Look over here! This new piece is really cute!
Sayo: Oh, it is nice.
Hina: Yeah, it's super boppin'♪ I bet it would look so good on you!
Sayo: ... Sigh.
Hina: Huh? Is it not boppin' for you?
Sayo: Hina, I've said this many times already, but we are here to buy clothes for you. Why are you picking outfits for me?
Hina: What~? There's no harm in looking a little! Come on, try it on!
Clerk: There's actually another variation of that one too.
Clerk: Erm, it should be over- Found it! This one, here! A lot of customers wear these to match with their friends or sisters.
Hina: Twin looks! Let's get them!
Sayo: Like I said, we're not here to buy for me-
Hina: It's fine, it's fine! Excuse me, could we please try these on?
Sayo: Ugh. You really are persistent...
(Black cut)
Hina: Okay, reveal on "go"! Ready, go...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hina: I knew it! You look so cute~! It's perfect for you!
Sayo: Th-thank you... But, more importantly, what about you?
Hina: Your clothes are just as important as my clothes!
Hina: Anyway, come closer! I'll take a photo to send to Pastel＊Palettes~!
Sayo: W-wait... We haven't even bought them. Wouldn't taking a photo now be rude to the staff?
Hina: We're definitely buying these, so it's fine! They're giving us the thumbs up, anyway!
Hina: Here, look at the camera! Cheese~!
(White cut)
Hina: Yep, perfect! What next~? ... Hey, hey! Can we wear these clothes now?
Sayo: Hina, you're getting ahead of-
Hina: You wanted me to enjoy today to the fullest, didn't you? Well I want the same for you, too!
Hina: And to keep this boppin' feeling up all day, we absolutely need these outfits!
Hina: So, please! Yeah? Okay?
Sayo: ... Fine, then. I know you won't accept any other answer, anyway.
Hina: Woohoo~! I love you, Sis!
Clerk: Fufu... Alright then, let me just remove the tags. I will put the clothes you were wearing into a bag.
Sayo: Thank you for that.
Hina: Ehehe, twinsies with you♪ Twinsies with you♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Later That Night]

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Hina: Sis, let's sleep together~.
Sayo: There you go again... You know the answer is no.
Hina: Hmph. Then I'm gonna hang out with you on your bed for a bit~.
Hina: Sigh... Today was so much fun.
Sayo: What's gotten into you all of a sudden?
Hina: Nothing. I was just thinking about how much fun I had.
Hina: I got matching outfits with you, and we ate some yummy food~... It was just the best day off.
Sayo: That's all? Well, that's good to hear.
Hina: ... Hey, Sis.
Sayo: What?
Hina: Let's do this again sometime!
Sayo: ... Sure.
Hina: Ehehe. I have one suggestion though... Why don't we sleep together tonight, after all?
Sayo: No. We have to get up early tomorrow, so go back and sleep in your own room.
Hina: What~? But it'll be fine! Just for tonight~! Come on, pleeease!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
