1952_Hina Hikawa_R5 Astronomy Club Bonding?

Gacha phrase: Hey, hey, what's going on with the astronomy club now?

<Like The Changing Constellations>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Park]

Hina: Wow! Cherry blossoms at night are so beautiful! There aren't so many people here at this time of the day.
Chisato: Yeah, I guess we can take our time and look around.
Aya: The cherry blossoms at the RiNG sakura party were beautiful too, but the cherry blossoms at night are also very beautiful!
Maya: Our practice only just ended, but I'm glad we came.
Chisato: You're right. It's dark out there, so watch your step.
Aya: Thank you, Chisato-chan. Oh, look, those cherry blossoms are so big... um, wha-!?
Eve: Aya-san, are you okay!?
Aya: Ahaha... I'm fine. I just tripped a little.
Maya: I'm glad you're not hurt...
Hina: Aya-chan, you're getting too excited! Well, it's certainly boppin'♪ when you see cherry blossoms.
Eve: Yes, I understand your feeling! The weather was a little cloudy during the day, but I'm glad it cleared up. The stars are so beautiful!
Maya: The cherry blossom petals are twinkling in the darkness, it's so dreamy.
Hina: What a wonder--.
Eve: Hina-san, what's wrong?
Hina: Why are cherry blossoms under the stars so different from daytime even though they are the same ones?
Chisato: It's true, it has a different atmosphere from the daytime.
Hina: The starry sky is hidden in the gaps between the cherry blossoms, and it's like a stained glass window.
Maya: Stained glass, huh... It's kind of a poetic expression, isn't it? I guess it's because you used to be in the astronomy club.
Hina: Hmmm, is that so?
Hina: Oh, speaking of the astronomy club... there was a girl from Haneoka's astronomy club at the sakura party the other day!
Maya: Oh, so you have a new member in your club! That's great, isn't it, Hina-san?
Hina: Yup! There's still only one member, but I'm so happy we have a new member!
Hina: And you know, the Roselia poster I put up in the club room is still there!
Maya & Chisato: What...?
Chisato: Umm... Hina-chan, did you put up a Roselia poster in the club room?
Hina: Yeah! They said it's part of the astronomy club's history too, so they decided to leave it as it is!
Maya: Ahaha... that's typical of Hina-san.
Hina: So, you know, that girl from the astronomy club is named Tomori-chan, the vocalist of MyGO!!!!!. Have you guys talked to her?
Chisato: No, but we talked with a girl named Anon-chan from the same band. Right, Aya-chan?
Aya: Yes, we took a picture together!
Aya: When I posed "Always vibrant with shining color♪" for a picture with her, she was so happy♪.
Chisato: Yeah... both of you were so excited.
Chisato: Anon-chan also seemed to be interested in Pastel*Palettes, and she talked to us a lot.
Maya: I'm glad to hear that!
Maya: I met Kaname-san, the guitarist of MyGO!!!!!. She suddenly appeared and ate candies, and after that she fell asleep on Rei's lap...
Maya: She was kind of like a cat...
Chisato: Well, it looks like you all got to meet a lot of different girls.
Eve: Yes! I had a chance to talk with Sayo-san, Rinko-san and some others! I haven't had much of a chance to talk to them since they graduated, so I was very happy.
Chisato: Yes. I have to thank Ririko-san for organizing the sakura party this time.
Hina: I agree! Hearing about Haneoka after my graduation is different from when I was a student there, it's boppin'♪
Hina: Tsugu-chan and Rokka-chan seem to be very Tsugurific in the student council.
Hina: And Tomori-chan seems to be enjoying the astronomy club on her own.
Hina: Talking about it makes me want to go to Haneoka right now! Hey, after we're done viewing the sakura here, why don't we go there?
Maya: What? Now? I'm afraid we won't be allowed to enter the school at night...
Chisato: Besides, even if we go now, I don't think anyone would be there.
Hina: Ahaha, I see. Well, I'll go to Haneoka some other time, and check how Tsugu-chan and the others are getting along!
Hina: Oh, yes! Since we're going all the way, how about appearing as Pastel*Palettes at this year's Haneoka school festival?
Eve: Wow! That's a very nice idea!
Hina: It is, isn't it?
Chisato: It sure sounds like fun, but I guess it would take a lot of work and permission from the agency and school...
Maya: But I hope we can make it happen someday.
Aya: Yeah! By then, we'll be even cooler than we are now, and become the idols that everyone wants to be!
Hina: Yup, yep! Let's work hard toward that day!


<Because We Have Left The Nest>

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Hina: Oh, it's {{userName}}-san! What are you doing?　
Hina: Oh, you're on your way home from shopping. Thanks for your hard work! I'm on my way to Edogawa Music.
Hina: Sis said she found some cute picks, and she sent me a picture.
Hina: She seems to be having difficulty in deciding, so I thought I'd pick one out with her.
Hina: Here, this one! Isn't the cherry blossom pick cute?
Hina: Don't you think so? It's so spring-like, isn't it!?
Hina: Oh, talking of spring, RiNG hosted a sakura party the other day.
Hina: And, to my surprise, there was a girl from the astronomy club at Haneoka! Her name is Tomori-chan, and it's an amazing coincidence!
Hina: She said the Roselia poster I put up is still in the club room. Ehehe, I'm so happy♪.
Hina: So, I had a lot of fun talking with her about the astronomy club. We talked about the club room and the stars!
Hina: She told me that she has been looking at the notebooks I wrote.
Hina: I was so excited to think that a new first-year student found the ones I left behind and looked at them!
Hina: I also talked a lot with Tsugu-chan!
Hina: I've been curious about how the school and student council are doing, so it was fun talking with her a lot!
Hina: I heard that Tsugu-chan and Rokka-chan did a big search for the missing paintings because of a suggestion in the suggestion box.
Hina: They searched the whole school, and they even interviewed the entire students to find clues. Ahaha, that's amazing, isn't it?
Hina: As expected of Tsugu-chan, the original Tsugurific!
Hina: I thought it truly is only Tsugu-chan and Rokka-chan who would work so hard for the sake of just one student.
Hina: You know... Even after I graduated, Haneoka seems to be a real fun place.
Hina: A Haneoka girl I didn't know is reading the notes I left in the astronomy club...
Hina: The student council has also changed to be more like Tsugu-chan while retaining the good things about the time when I was there...
Hina: It feels like a new form of Haneoka is being created, I'm really excited about it!
Hina: Do you think so too, {{userName}}-san? Yeah, yeah, that's right!
Hina: Oh, no! Sis is waiting for me, so I'm going to go now.
Hina: See you again, {{userName}}-san!
