2310_Hina Hikawa_R5 Said and Heard

Skill name: The goodest night
Gacha phrase: Sis, are you doing a puzzle? I wanna play too~!

<Things We Want to Do Next>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall]

Hina: Oh, Lisa-chi! Over here, over here~!
Lisa: Hina, you’re already here! Sorry, did I keep you waiting?
Hina: Not at all! I just got here too! Thanks for coming today~!
Lisa: No, I was happy you reached out.
Lisa: Cross×Point Fes. just ended for both of us, so the timing’s perfect for taking it easy.
Hina: Roselia’s been really busy, huh? Watching Sis, it looks like work’s pretty tough!
Lisa: Ahaha, but isn’t it the same for PasuPare too?
Hina: Yeah. Lately we’ve had a lot of shoots, I guess.
Lisa: Shoots sound rough. You’ve probably got tons of prep and stuff...
Lisa: Oh, right. About what you messaged me about-
Hina: Before that, let’s eat! I’m starving!
Lisa: Whaaat~? Fine, fine~
Lisa: It’s been a while since we’ve gotten to hang out like this, so after lunch, wanna look around at clothes and cosmetics too♪
Hina: Aye-aye! Let’s have a ton of fun today~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Food Court]

Hina: Lisa-chi, look. It says they’ve got potato pancakes.
Lisa: Huh, it has potato in it?
Lisa: Ahh, I get it. So it's more of a savory pancake.
Hina: Grated and chunked potatoes? Hmm... Sounds like it'd be chewy and fluffy!
Lisa: Maybe. You curious?
Hina: I figured Sis would like it.
Lisa: Ahaha, I knew you'd say that~
Hina: I think I'll go with this barbecue cheeseburger! What about you, Lisa-chi?
Lisa: Hmm, for me~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Clothing Shop]

Hina: Hey, Lisa-chi, doesn't this outfit look like it'd suit Sis?
Lisa: Yeah, I can see it. Sayo would totally wear something like that really well.
Lisa: And~... Oh, this one kinda feels like Yukina!
Hina: You're right~. But doesn't Yukina-chan already have stuff like this?
Lisa: Surprisingly, not really~. I think it'd look great on her, though.
Hina: Huh. Then why not give it to her for her birthday or something?
Lisa: Oh, that could work. If it's a gift, she'd probably wear it♪
Lisa: Do you ever give Sayo clothes, Hina?
Hina: Hmm... I don't think I ever have. Would Sis wear it...?
Lisa: I think she would. Why not put together a whole outfit for her?♪
Hina: What's that, sounds fun~! I wanna do it, I wanna do it!!
Lisa: Okay, then you try coming up with an outfit for Sayo, and I'll put one together for Yukina!
Hina: Okay! All right, I'm gonna think up something that looks the best on Sis!
(Black cut)
Hina: Ahh, that was fun! We played a ton today.
Lisa: Yeah. We've been nonstop with practice for the fes for a while, so it was a nice break~
Hina: Satisfied, satisfied♪ All right then, let's head home soon!
Lisa: Huh?! Wait a second, you didn't forget why we came today, did you?
Hina: Ah... right! I totally forgot~!
Lisa: Hina~?! I actually came prepared and everything, you know~?
Hina: Ahaha, sorry, sorry!
Lisa: But still, I was surprised when you texted me out of nowhere~. You just went, "Do you know how to write a song?"
Lisa: I asked Yukina a bunch of stuff too. Oh, and of course, I did it when Sayo wasn't around.
Hina: That's Lisa-chi for ya! You're always so thoughtful~♪
Lisa: Just to be sure... You want to study composing because...
Hina: Yep, just like you think, Lisa-chi! But keep it secret from everyone else, okay?!
Lisa: Fufu, I see... Hey, Hina?
Hina: What is it?
Lisa: I hope you can write a great song.
Hina: Heh heh. Yeah, leave it to me!


<My "Special Someone">

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: That live show at RiNG was a huge hit~!
Marina: Huh? Is that Hina-chan over there? Heeey, Hina-cha~n!
Hina: Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Heyy~! Did you go out somewhere?
Marina: We just got done helping out with a live show at RiNG. You heading home from work, Hina-chan?
Hina: Yup, yup! I had a meeting~
Marina: Sounds like you're as busy as ever, Hina-chan.
Hina: Totally. I thought I could take a little break, and then I got busy again right away~
Marina: Fufu, I figured. Probably because of "Cross×Point Fes.", huh? It was such a wonderful show.
Hina: Oh, you came to see it?! Thanks~!
Marina: So how was it? Did you enjoy it? Even from the audience, you looked super relaxed up there.
Hina: It was soooo much fun! I got to watch Roselia's show, and Pastel＊Palettes got to perform too...
Hina: And more than anything, getting to play on the same stage as Sis was the best!
Marina: Fufu, you two looked like you were having so much fun.
Marina: The audience, and even the other members performing with you... Everyone looked happy. It was a really great show.
Hina: Right, right?! The whole venue felt like boppidy boppin'♪!
Hina: So, like... I've been thinking about it forever. How I wanted to be able to play guitar with Sis like that someday.
Marina: Hina-chan...
Hina: I'm sure we'll do tons more shows, but I think that one will stay "special" forever!
Marina: Fufu, I'm really happy for you, Hina-chan.
Hina: Yeah!
???: ...Oh?
Marina: Huh? Sayo-chan?!
Hina: Oh, it's Sis! You're finally here~!
Sayo: Finally...? You weren't at the meeting spot, so I came to look for you.
Hina: Sis had work today too, so we promised we'd head home together.
Marina: Got it, that's what was going on. Good work today, Sayo-chan.
Sayo: Yes. Good work today to you too, Marina-san, and {{userName}}-san.
Hina: Sis, c'mon, let's go home already!
Sayo: Hey, Hina! At least say goodbye properly...
Sayo: ...Sigh, sorry about that. We'll be going now...!
Hina: See you later~, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, see you~!
Marina: Ahaha, yeah, see you~! You two, get home safe!
