event174-05 Chapter 4: The Evening Star

The group arrives at the riverbank, and Hagumi makes a suggestion...

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Tsukushi Futaba)

[A Few Hours Later]

[Riverside]

Hagumi: We're here! Hey, look! We made it exactly on time again!
Hina: You did it, Hagumi-chan! You've completely mastered the speed problems!
Tsukushi: Pant... Pant... Ugh...
Hina: Tsukushi-chan, are you okay~?
Hagumi: Want me to carry ya?
Tsukushi: I-I'm okay...! I'm just fine...!
Tsukushi: U-Um, I have band rehearsal with Morfonica after this... so I should get going...
Hina: Oh~. That's too bad~.
Tsukushi: Thanks to you, Hina-senpai, I understand. The best way for someone to learn something is to experience it...!
Tsukushi: Now I think I'll be able to tutor my little sisters even better...!
Hina: Oh, yeah?! I'm happy you had a good time! I had a ton of fun too~!
Hagumi: Thanks, Tsu-chan! We should study together again!
Tsukushi: O-okay...! I'd love to...! Please tell me the next time you're studying...!
Tsukushi: Ah, oh no... I'm going to be late for rehearsal...! I'll need to run again...!
Hina: Be careful~! Don't fall~!
Hagumi: Bye-bye!
Hina: Ahh, we ran a lot~! We were so busy running that I didn't even notice the time~.
Hagumi: But now, I can do some of the harder math problems! Thanks, Hina-chan-sensei!
Hina: You're very welcome! I had a blast!
Hina: But wow, this sure is a big river~. I didn't know there was a river like this one town over~.
Hagumi: I know this place! I used to play softball on the field over there sometimes when I was little!
Hagumi: Ah, the riverbank over there has so many good rocks! The water's made them super smooth, so I used to go stone skipping there all the time~!
Hina: Stone skipping? Is that the game where you throw rocks so they jump across the water a bunch of times?
Hagumi: Yeah, that's it! Hey, wanna go throw some with me?
Hina: Sure! Let's do it~!
Hina: Okay, let's see how this smooth stone flies... Oomph! ... Hmm. Guess it was silly to think it would reach the other side.
Hagumi: It can! Watch me!
Hina: Whoa~! You're amazing, Hagumi-chan! Your rock skipped so much over the water!
Hina: Hey, hey, how'd you do that?!
Hagumi: Well, I lowered my body and threw it like I was throwing a sidearm! Like this!
Hina: Oh~! Okay~! ... Oomph!
Hagumi: You've almost got it! Relax your shoulders more, and just when you're about to release the rock, spin it... Like this!
Hina: Okay! Here I go~!
Hagumi: Ah, I found a good rock! Here, you throw it. It's a super special rock. It's shaped like a fish cake.
Hina: Why's it so special?
Hagumi: Well, you don't see rocks like this lying around just anywhere. It'll be hard to throw, but if you throw it just right, it'll fly far.
Hina: Oh~! So that's why you call it a special rock~. Thanks! Time to fly, rock~! Oomph!
Hina & Hagumi: Go~!
Hina & Hagumi: Yay~! It made it to the other side~!
Hagumi: That was amazing! It looked like it skipped right into the sunset~!
Hina: I could only do it because you taught me how~! Thanks, Hagumi-chan♪
Hagumi: You're welcome♪
Hagumi: ... Ah! Look over there in the sky! It's the first star of the evening!
Hina: You're right! It's beautiful~.
Hagumi: During this time of winter, that star is always there, twinkling and shining brighter than all the others.
Hina: Yeah, that's Venus shining over there. It's the star that shines brightest in the winter.
Hina: That's "yoi-no-myou-jou."
Hagumi: Yoi-no-myou-jou...
Hagumi: I get it now! So that's the "Evening Star"!
Hagumi: Ahaha. Yoi-no-myou-jou, yoi-no-myou-jou!
Hina: You look happy, Hagumi-chan~.
Hagumi: I am! Learning the name of something you never knew is like making a new friend! It's so much fun!
Hagumi: Winter's even more fun now that I know I can only meet this friend during it!
Hina: By the way, there's a star you can only meet in the summer too.
Hagumi: Really?! But summer feels so far away!
Hina: I know, right? But learning things you didn't know is super boppin'♪
Hina: Well, why don't we walk home before it gets dark?
Hagumi: Okay! I'm gonna study hard tomorrow too~!
