event174-06 Chapter 5: The Distance between Two Points

Hina excitedly tells Sayo about the day's events. What are Sayo's thoughts?

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Hina: I'm home~!
Sayo: Welcome home, Hina. It is really late. What have you been doing?
Hina: Sis! Listen to this! I've been running marathons and studying math with friends...
Sayo: C-calm down... Marathons...? Math...?
Hina: I'm tutoring Hagumi-chan~!
Sayo: T-tutoring...?
(Black cut)
Sayo: I see. So you are helping Kitazawa-san prepare for her makeup test...
Hina: Yeah! At first, I thought studying with Hagumi-chan would be fun because her test answers were so hilarious.
Hina: But now, I'm really enjoying coming up with good ways to teach her~!
Sayo: Oh... Well, this is unusual.
Hina: Really? How so?
Sayo: Until now, you have never tried to explain things in a way that is easily understood by others...
Hina: You're right! It's really weird for me to be doing something like this~.
Hina: Till now, I didn't really care if someone understood how I thought or what I said.
Hina: But it was totally boppin' when Hagumi-chan got what I was trying to teach her!
Sayo: ... I see. That's nice.
Hina: Hrm? Sis, you look kinda happy.
Sayo: Oh... Do I?
Hina: Hey, Sis, do you think there's an even better way for me to teach Hagumi-chan?
Sayo: Well... When I first started teaching Kirigaya-san guitar, I struggled with communicating my thoughts well to her.
Sayo: As expected, it's most effective to think about things from the other person's point of view.
Sayo: I tried speaking in a comfortable way for her, making comparisons that are more relatable, and actually playing the guitar in front of her...
Hina: Right, right. That makes sense~. Maybe next time, I'll try teaching Hagumi-chan something while she's eating the croquettes she likes so much~.
Sayo: However, Kitazawa-san may prove very challenging. Once, she brought eggs to school, and I had a painful time trying to explain why she shouldn't bring them.
Hina: Ahaha! I didn't know about that~.
Hina: But I kinda get what you're saying~. It's like Hagumi-chan is living in her own world.
Hina: There are answers that make sense in her world... And she only understands what makes sense in our world once she'd made sense of it in hers.
Sayo: ... I see.
Sayo: That reminds me of when you were little and asked me about a children's book. You said, "Why can animals talk in this book?"
Hina: Ah! You remember that too?!
Sayo: Yes. I tried so hard to explain it to you.
Sayo: But... thinking back on it now, it makes me smile.
Hina: Ehehe. After trying to help Hagumi-chan study, I completely know how you felt back then~. Sorry for making trouble for you, Sis.
Sayo: It's fine, really.
Sayo: Besides... I still remember how happy you looked.
Hina: Fufu~♪ I'm glad that you have a memory of me like that♪
Sayo: Yes... As am I.
Sayo: (Hina... I know you merely find this amusing, so you may have never noticed...)
Sayo: (But the way you are growing an interest in making others happy... makes me happier than you will ever know.)
Hina: All right! There are only a few more days until the makeup test! It's time to crank up the studying~!
Sayo: Perhaps you needn't overdo it. Just take this slowly. It may be what is best for both you and Kitazawa-san.
Hina: I know, I know~!
Hina: Fufu~♪ I wonder what I should teach her tomorrow~♪
