event174-07 Ending: Let's Study!

The day before the makeup test, Hagumi takes Hina to a special place.

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[The Day Before The Makeup Test]

[Kitazawa Residence - Hagumi's Room]

Hina: Ahhh~! We studied so much~!
Hagumi: Yep! I had a lot of fun today too~!
Hagumi: I finally know what a chemical formula is~!
Hagumi: The way you used forming a band to explain the elemental symbols was super easy to understand!
Hina: I thought so too! I'm really happy it made sense for you~!
Hina & Hagumi: Ah...!
Hagumi: Ehehe. Sounds like our bellies need fuel.
Hina: Yeah. We've been so into studying that we haven't had a bite to eat since breakfast.
Hagumi: I know! Since today's your last day as my tutor, I'm gonna take you somewhere nice to thank you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tanuki Restaurant]

Hagumi: Pork and eggs, pork and eggs~♪ Ehehe. This okonomiyaki is yummy to the max!
Hina: Wow~, I never knew there was an okonomiyaki place here~.
Hagumi: Hey, Hina-chan-sensei, you think I can pass tomorrow's makeup test~?
Hina: Hmm. Well, about that...
Hina: To be honest, it might be a little tough for you~.
Hagumi: What?! Really?
Hina: Yeah. I graded the practice makeup test you just took. You needed a few more points to pass.
Hagumi: R-really?! Then I'm gonna work like crazy to memorize the whole textbook!
Hina: You shouldn't do that. If you study like that, then you'll get dizzy again.
Hagumi: B-but... you tried so hard to help me study...!
Hagumi: So I'm gonna study for you!
Hina: Hagumi-chan...
Hina: Listen, you don't need to study for me.
Hina: And if you don't pass the makeup test, then we can study together again. I'll help you.
Hagumi: Hina-chan-sensei...
Hina: Ah, the okonomiyaki is done cooking! Let's eat!
Hagumi: ... Okay.
Hina: Hey, Hagumi-chan, why do you think the bonito flakes on this okonomiyaki look like they're wriggling?
Hagumi: I wonder why... Maybe they're happy to be with the okonomiyaki.
Hina: Good answer~! How about the squid? Why does it shrink and curl up when it's on the hot plate?
Hagumi: Well~... I think it gets nervous because there's lots of people around!
Hina: Ahaha! Good point! That sounds like something a squid might do!
Hagumi: It so does! That's what I think, anyway!
Hina: All right, then, what about this pickled ginger? Why do you think it's red?
Hagumi: That's because~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Hagumi: Okay, everybody, I'm gonna announce my test results...!
Eve & Tsukushi: ...!
Hagumi: Ta-dah~! My average score for all five subjects was forty-seven points!
Eve: That means... you just needed three more points to pass...
Tsukushi: So you were only just short of passing then...
Eve: Hagumi-san, do not be sad...
Hagumi: Hrm? I'm not sad at all!
Eve: But... now you will have to go to special classes with the teacher for one week after school...
Hagumi: That's okay! Before, I thought studying was boring, but now I think it's a little fun!
Eve: Hagumi-san...!
Hagumi: And look at my Japanese Literature test! I got the kanji reading for "yoi-no-myou-jou" right!
Hagumi: This is all thanks to Hina-chan-sensei! Thanks, Hina-chan-sensei!
Hina: Hagumi-chan...
Hina: You're very welcome! Knowing you got the right answer is super bop-bop-boppin'♪
Hagumi: Ehehe. Please keep being my tutor, Hina-chan-sensei!
Hina: For sure! Let's play catch again too!
Tsukushi: Um... Eve-senpai, is this okay?
Eve: ...? Is what okay?
Tsukushi: Hagumi-senpai didn't pass the makeup test, but she and Hina-senpai are so happy...
Eve: It's fine. I think Hagumi-san learned something much more important than improving her test scores.
Hagumi: Ah! Look! A butterfly's flying by outside by the window! I wonder how it flies~.
Hina: Fufufu~. That's an excellent question, Hagumi-chan! Why don't we go follow it?
Hagumi: Yeah! Hey, everyone, let's follow that butterfly!
Eve: That sounds nice. Let's go! Tsukushi-san, you too!
Tsukushi: Wh-what?! Everyone, please wait! I still have five minutes before my shift is over~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
