event174-03 Chapter 2: A Boppin' Idea♪

Things are not going well for Hagumi, but Eve's advice gives Hina an idea.

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Talent Agency]

Hina: Ah, the person interviewed in this magazine is Aya-chan! I wonder what she talked about~...
Eve: Hello, Hina-san.
Hina: Ah, Eve-chan! Hi~! On your way home from modeling?
Eve: Yes. I had a photo shoot nearby, so I thought I would stop by and see who was around... Are you working too?
Hina: Yep. I've got a meeting soon about a shoot for a new commercial~. I was supposed to be free today though.
Eve: I see... Ah, by the way, how was tutoring Hagumi-san?
Hina: Well... Hagumi-chan's trying, but the way things are going, I'm not sure she's gonna be ready in time for the test.
Hina: I think it might be hard for her to remember things~. But I can't get inside her head, so I can't say for sure~.
Eve: But... Hagumi-san remembers all the complicated rules of softball. She even teaches new underclassmen on her team about them.
Eve: And she is always very excited when she tells Tae-san and me about things that have happened with Hello, Happy World!
Eve: So I do not feel as if... she has a problem remembering things...
Hina: I see. All the things you just mentioned are things Hagumi-chan likes, right~?
Hina: She remembers things she likes... and enjoys...
Hina: ... Ah! ... That could be kinda boppin'♪
Eve: Really?! Did you think of an idea?!
Hina: Yeah! I'm gonna give it a try! Thanks for your help, Eve-chan♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Kitazawa Residence - Hagumi's Room]

Hina: Let's study hard today too~!
Hagumi: Yeah! I'll try not to get so tired today~!
Hina: Okay, today, how about we start with math problems? This parabola graph here is...
Hagumi: Oh, no. This thing is like gibberish to me... You've gotta use X's and Y's and substitute stuff, right...?
Hina: Don't worry, you'll figure it out as we go. Now, grab a glove.
Hagumi: Huh? A glove?
Hina: We're gonna play catch.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Riverside Field]

Hagumi: Hina-chan, you got your glove on good~?
Hina: Yep! I'm good! Ahaha. This is my first time wearing a softball glove. It's interesting. My hand feels so stiff!
Hagumi: All right! It sounds like you're ready, so I'm gonna throw the ball~! Catch~!
Hina: Oomph! Hagumi-chan~, I caught it!
Hagumi: Nice catch, Hina-chan! Now, throw it back to me!
Hina: Okay! I'm gonna throw it~! Here!
Hagumi: Whoa! Good one, Hina-chan! You threw the ball all the way to me!
Hina: Ahaha! I've never really tossed a softball around before, but it's pretty fun~!
Hagumi: Really? I'm so happy~! I'm gonna back up a little now... Catch~!
Hina: Wow! You're amazing, Hagumi-chan! ... Oomph, I got it! Any tips for throwing the ball farther~?
Hagumi: Well~, If you throw the ball from this angle, the ball will go super far, like, whoosh! Here, watch me!
Hina: Whoa! Incredible! That was a perfect forty-five-degree angle~!
Hina: Hagumi-chan, try to throw it even farther next time~!
Hagumi: Even farther? Like this...? Oomph!
Hina: Wow~! That's great~!
Hina: Hey, Hagumi-chan, the path the ball flew was even bigger this time, wasn't it?
Hina: The farther apart we are, the bigger the path of the ball gets, and the closer we are, the smaller it gets...
Hina: Doesn't this sound like one of your math problems?
Hagumi: What about the math problems...?
Hina: Well, if you flip that graph we were talking about earlier...
Hagumi: Ah! Do you mean that parabola thingy...?
Hina: Yeah! That's the one, Hagumi-chan!
Hagumi: Really?! I guessed right?! Yay~!
Hagumi: This is amazing! I love softball, but I didn't know it had math in it~!
Hagumi: Thanks for teaching me, Hina-chan-sensei!
Hina: (Hrm? What's this feeling...? What just happened was totally boppin'♪)
Hagumi: I'm so happy I could figure out the answer just now!
Hina: I'm happy too, Hagumi-chan! All right! Let's keep learning!
Hagumi: Okay! Keep it coming!
