event174-01 Opening: Triangles Can’t Roll

Hagumi is sure she aced the test, but when it's returned to her...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2E]

Hagumi: And this time, for our shop's special sale, my dad's gonna make croquettes magically appear in his hands! He thinks the neighborhood kids are gonna love it!
Tae: Cool! That sounds awesome! I'm definitely going to come and see that!
Eve: Fufu. your father really loves children, Hagumi-san!
Hagumi: Ah, we better get ready for first period! It's math class, right?
Tae: Yeah. Ah, hey, don't we get our tests back today?
Eve: Yes, we do. I felt like there were difficult questions in every subject this time... How do you think you did?
Tae: Probably the same as always. I answered what I knew.
Hagumi: I was able to answer all the questions~!
Tae: ...! Hagumi, that's amazing...! You really answered every question...?!
Eve: Hagumi-san, that is great! I sense an incredible bushido spirit in you!
Hagumi: Ehehe~! I was really in the zone this time!
Eve: Hagumi-san, you look kind of different. You have so much confidence!
Tae: Way to go, Hagumi! Maybe you even got a perfect score!
Hagumi: Yep! I can't wait to get my test back~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Residential Area]

Hagumi: Ohh, what am I gonna do~?
Eve: Hagumi-san, please cheer up! Let's study together so you can get through this!
Hina: Hm-hmhmm~♪ Ah, Hagumi-chan, Eve-chan! Hiya~!
Eve: Ah, Hina-san...! Are you on your way home from work?
Hina: Yep! I had a really important job to do, and now I'm finally free~♪
Hina: ... Hey, what's wrong with you two? You look down in the dumps.
Eve: Well... Hagumi-san got a bad score on her test... So she has to take a makeup test...
Hagumi: Hngh~, I was so sure I aced it~.
Hina: Wow~, that sounds like a bummer~. I've never gotten a bad test score before, so I dunno what that's like~.
Hagumi: Really?! You're incredible, Hina-chan!
Eve: Hina-san is always among the top students at Haneoka Girls' Academy.
Hagumi: Whoa~! That's amazing~! You're so cool~!
Hina: It's no big deal~. Besides, Haneoka and Hanasakigawa's tests are probably different.
Hina: Hey, what kind of questions came up in the test? Lemme see~!
Hagumi: Sure. We got questions like these ones~.
Hina: Hmm, what do we have here...? Find the distance traveled by the triangle on line x...
Hina: You wrote... "It can't move"...?
Hina: Hrm...? What kinda answer is that...? It's kinda boppin'♪
Hina: Hey, what's this supposed to mean?! I wanna know!
Hagumi: Well, a triangle can't roll along this line, right? But I think a circle could!
Hagumi: That's why I wrote, "It can't move."
Hina: Gotcha~! I hadn't thought of it that way~! You've got a fun way of thinking!
Hagumi: Really?! Thanks, Hina-chan!
Hina: That's some answer you wrote! Show me more of your test!
Hagumi: Sure, okay!
Eve: This is not the time to be having fun!
Hina & Hagumi: ...!
Eve: Hagumi-san, if you do not do well on next week's makeup test... you will have to start going to special classes by yourself.
Eve: If that happens, you will not be able to do fun things after school, or even go to band rehearsals!
Hagumi: Ahh, that's right~.
Hina: Special classes? What're they?
Hagumi: My teacher said they'd hold extra lessons for me after school~.
Hagumi: That's nice of them, but I don't really like studying... And if I went to those, then I wouldn't have time for stuff like softball and band practice...
Hagumi: Ohh, what should I do, Hina-chan~?
Hina: Hmm~, then how about I help you study?
Hagumi: What?! Really?!
Hina: Yeah! I've got a feeling that studying with you will be super boppin'♪
Eve: Hina-san...! Thank you!
Eve: I would be very happy if you helped Hagumi-san study! I cannot think of a better person to ask!
Eve: Hina-san, you would be the ultimate tutor... No, more like the ultimate yojimbo bodyguard!
Hagumi: Yay~! Thanks, Hina-chan! ... No, I mean, Hina-chan-sensei!
Hina: All right! Let's study like there's no tomorrow~!
