event74-07 Ending: Sakura Party!!

The day of the sakura party has arrived. The girls' cheerful laughter echoes through the park.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Day of the Sakura Party]

[Park]

Aya: Alright, on three! One... Two... Three! Cheers!
Kanon, Lisa, Maya & Ran: Cheers! Cheers...
Lisa: Mmm~! This salmon and avocado sandwich is so good~!
Maya: All these sandwiches are so cute too. They look even better than the pictures you sent.
Kanon: Ah, so you noticed? We thought it'd be better if we had a lot of different shapes, so Aya-chan and I went out and bought more.
Ran: Dogs, dolphins... That's the kind of shapes I'd expect from you two.
Lisa: The rolled-up sandwiches are good too~☆ I kinda want to try making them myself sometime.
Aya: Ehehe, you should. They're really easy to make, and they look so cute♪
Lisa: By the way... Ta-dah! I brought some food too~.
Lisa: It's all just normal stuff like fried chicken and eggs, but help yourselves!
Ran: Actually, I brought something too... I'm not that good at cooking though, so I just bought some snacks at the convenience store.
Maya: And I brought these! Veggie sticks!
Kanon: V-veggie sticks...?
Maya: Come on, they're really tasty. And besides, they're good for you!
Ran: They're definitely easier to eat than a salad. In fact, doesn't that make them perfect for a picnic like this...?
Maya: Yup! That's exactly what I was thinking, Mitake-san! Go ahead, have one. You too, Matsubara-san!
Ran: Thanks.
Kanon: Fufu. Thank you, Maya-chan.
(Black cut)
Lisa: Phew~, I'm stuffed. That was so good~.
Kanon: It was... I think I ate too much though.
Maya: Same here... By the way, these sakura party guidebooks came out great! I'm impressed!
Lisa: I was thinking the same thing! And such attention to detail! You even included descriptions and pictures of all the different types of sakura!
Aya: So you like it?! Thank goodness~!
Ran: I knew about the more popular ones, like the Yoshino and the double-blossomed variety, but even I didn't know a lot of these.
Lisa: Oho~, that means a lot coming from Ran, Aya!
Maya: Adding poems about sakura to this guidebook was a great idea too! Reading poetry under the sakura tree just feels so elegant!
Kanon: Fufu. Looks like our plans were a success then. Isn't that right, Aya-chan?
Aya: Yeah!
Lisa: You know... Something tells me only you two could plan a sakura party like this.
Ran: I know what you mean. This is such a relaxing atmosphere. Not bad at all.
Maya: It's almost like your personalities shine through with this party...
Kanon: Our...
Aya: Personalities?
Aya: Huh? What do you mean? All we did was plan a normal sakura party... Did we do something weird...?
Lisa: Ahaha! Never mind! We're just grateful is all! It's not every day that you get to experience such a relaxing sakura party!
Maya: That's true. Sakura parties are usually so lively.
Ran: It's almost like time has slowed down, isn't it?
Lisa: Yeah! Exactly!
Lisa: Thanks for the party, you two! I'm glad we put you guys in charge!
Aya: C-come on, you're embarrassing us... Isn't that right, Kanon-chan?
Kanon: Y-yeah. We just did our best...
Kanon: Ah... Maybe this is also thanks to the job manual you made me, Aya-chan...
Aya: C-come on, I doubt it...
Lisa: A job manual Aya made... Now that sounds interesting~. What's this all about?
Kanon: W-well, when I was first starting my job, Ay-
Aya: Kanon-chan, don't! All the mistakes in that manual are so embarrassing!
Maya: Embarrassing mistakes, huh...? Now I'm curious.
Ran: Makes me want to see it myself...
Aya: N-no way! Just forget we ever said anything~!
