event74-03 Chapter 2: Practice Round

Aya and Kanon practice making bentos together. Will everything go smoothly?

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama)

[Matsubara Residence - Living Room]

Aya: Ingredients, check! Aprons, check! Spirit... Check!
Kanon: Fufu, well then, should we get started?
Kanon: Last night you sent me a message saying you figured out the menu... What did you decide on?
Aya: I thought sandwiches would be perfect for our party!
Kanon: I see... You're right. Sandwiches are easy to hold, so they're perfect for a sakura party in the park.
Aya: Exactly! And depending on the filling and decorations, they can be really colorful! Perfect for social media!
Kanon: Social media, huh? Ah, I have just the thing!
Aya: What is it?
Kanon: Uhm~, I think they were in this drawer... Ah, here they are! These!
Aya: Cookie cutters? You've got stars, flowers... Ah, is that a bunny? There's so many. How cute.
Kanon: Uh-huh. I found these when I went shopping with my mother and had her buy them for me.
Kanon: We could make some really cute sandwiches with these.
Aya: Wow... You're totally right!
Aya: And I found another way to make them adorable! In fact, seeing this method is what made me want to do sandwiches in the first place.
Kanon: Oh? What is it?
Aya: You'll just have to wait and see~. Alright, let's start making our social media sandwiches!
Kanon: Yeah~!
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Aya: Now we just put our flower-shaped sandwiches over here, and...
Kanon: Done... Right?
Aya: Yeah! Looks good to me. Isn't it totally cute?!
Kanon: Your pinwheel-shaped sandwiches are especially adorable, Aya-chan!
Aya: Thank goodness~! I looked up all sorts of cute bentos, and I just happened to find these on someone's blog.
Kanon: All we had to do was roll them up using plastic wrap. For being so simple to make, they sure are fun to look at.
Aya: Maybe we should post a picture online. What do you think?
Kanon: That sounds like a good idea to me. They turned out so well after all. It'd be a shame if no one saw them.
Aya: Yay~! Alright, then why don't we clean up this area over here? Then we just place the bento boxes down and...
Aya: Perfect! Come on, Kanon-chan, you should take a picture too!
Kanon: Fufufu. Alright. Now I'll have a picture to reference on the day of our party.
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Aya: Phew~, there's nothing better than a cup of tea after a long day of working hard.
Kanon: We have plenty more, so let me know if you'd like a refill.
Aya: Thanks! We're doing pretty well with preparations for the party, aren't we? We've already finished our bentos and everything!
Kanon: Actually, I was just thinking the same thing.
Aya: Ehehe, in fact, we're doing so well, I bet everyone's gonna be surprised when they see the pictures we posted♪
Aya: But we still have so much time on our hands~. Should we think of something else to get ready for the party?
Kanon: That's a good idea, but what could we do...?
Aya: I'd like to make something that everybody could enjoy on the day of the party.
Kanon: Something everybody could enjoy...
Kanon: Ah! How about this?! We could make some guidebooks on how to get the most out of the day.
Aya: A guidebook...?
Kanon: Yes. With those, it would feel like we're on a trip, wouldn't it? Plus we'll be able to write down any important information and let everyone know what they need to bring.
Aya: Kanon-chan... That's a great idea!
Kanon: Really? I'm glad you like it!
Aya: So what should we write in the guidebooks? We've already said important information and what to bring, but what else...?
Kanon: Personally, I think it'd be cute if we had a guide to the different varieties of sakura blossoms.
Aya: Wow~! I like that! They're all called the same thing, but there's actually a ton of different sakura out there! I'll have to do some research!
Kanon: Alright, then... I'll look up some poems about sakura.
Kanon: It'll really set the mood if we have that little touch of culture to our sakura viewing.
Aya: Totally! I'm sure everyone will love our sakura party guidebooks!
Aya: Alright, then let's get started! This sakura party is gonna be great!
Kanon: I think so too. Fufufu, I can't wait~.
