event74-01 Opening: Full Bloom Party!

Aya and the others are walking back after a job when they run into Kanon. They excitedly talk about seeing the sakura blossoms.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Riverside]

Aya: Our shoot ended a lot sooner than I thought it would. Great job today, Maya-chan.
Maya: You too, Aya-san! Today was our last day for that shoot, right?
Aya: Yup! Starting tomorrow, I've got a bit of a break. It's been a while since I've had multiple days off~.
Maya: Is that so? Actually, it's the same for me!
Aya: You too? I had no idea! Looks like our spring break's a bit late this year.
Maya: Yeah~. Although I need to figure out what I'm writing my next column on, so I'm not totally free.
Aya: Fufu, that's right. Your columns really getting popular, isn't it?
Maya: Huhehe... Thanks to you guys.
Kanon: Hm? Is that... Aya-chan and Maya-chan?
Aya: Kanon-chan! What a coincidence~. What are you doing here?
Kanon: I'm on my way home from the studio. The sakura are so pretty, so I thought I'd take the scenic route home.
Kanon: This road has a lovely view of the sakura, and the sun is so warm, which really makes for a great walk.
Maya: Oho~, that does sound nice.  And you're right, the sakura here really are beautiful.
Aya: No kidding~. Those cute, pink blossoms just keep raining down on us... Sakura, huh...? Now that I think about it, I haven't had a chance to go sakura viewing yet~.
Maya: Same here. I've been so busy lately, I just haven't had the time.
Kanon: I went with my family, but not with friends yet.
Aya: Is that so...? Alright, then why don't we go together?!
Aya: Maya-chan and I both have time off, so the timing's perfect♪ What do you say?
Maya: Oho! That's a great idea!
Kanon: Yes, I think so too.
Aya: Alright, then it's settled. I'll make a group chat so we can work out the details and-
Lisa: Huh? Well, if it isn't Aya, Kanon, and Maya. What are you guys talking about~?
Aya: Lisa-chan! Ah, actually, can I ask you something?
Aya: We're thinking about having a sakura party together. Would you like to join us?
Lisa: What? That sounds like so much fun! I'll be there for sure! ... Ah, actually, could I invite Ran too?
Lisa: I heard she's been stopping by Arisa's place to look at sakura bonsai lately. I'm sure she'd love to join us~.
Maya: Bonsai, huh? How refined~.
Kanon: If Ran-chan wants to come, she's more than welcome.
Lisa: Thank you~! Then I'll let her know!
Aya: Okay! Then other than the day... We still need to figure out the place and what to do for lunch, right?
Aya: It'd be better if we could plan everything together but... That sounds like it'll be pretty difficult.
Lisa: Yeah...  My schedule's pretty full with studio rehearsals and my job. Ran's got lessons as well.
Maya: And I need to figure out what I'm writing for my next column and do the research for it. I won't have all that much time.
Aya: That's what I thought~.
Kanon: Hmm... Then why don't we decide on a coordinator?
Lisa: What do you mean?
Kanon: With a coordinator, they can take care of the bigger tasks while assigning smaller ones to everyone else. That should be a bit easier on everybody.
Aya: Yeah, that's a great idea!
Aya: In that case, leave the coordinating to me! I'm the one who suggested we have a party in the first place!
Lisa: I don't know~... The coordinator's job is pretty difficult. Are you sure you can handle it?
Aya: I'll be fine! If it gets to be too much, I can always ask for help!
Kanon: Then why don't I help you? Hello, Happy World! just had a concert, so I've got time to spare.
Kanon: So that makes Aya-chan the coordinator, with me as support... How does that sound?
Lisa: Hmm~, that'd be a huge help, but... Are you sure you'll be okay? You'll let me know if you need anything, right?
Aya: Of course! Thank you, Lisa-chan!
Aya: Alright, in that case, I better get home and start planning! Make sure you send me your availabilities afterwards, okay?
Maya: Will do.
Lisa: Okay~. And don't forget to add me and Ran to the group chat~.
Aya: I-I won't!
Lisa: I'm just teasing you♪ Alright, see you later~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Ran: Hm...? A message? From who...? Lisa-san?
Ran: "We're going sakura-viewing with Aya, Kanon, and Maya! Don't be late~!" ... Why me? Whatever. It's fine, I guess.
Ran: Uhm... "Okay."
Ran: ... Huh? Wait, aren't the sakura starting to fall already...?
