event74-02 Chapter 1: Where Should We Go?

Aya is in charge of planning their sakura party. She begins making plan with Kanon.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Aya: Alright, let's get started!
Kanon: Yeah. Let's see... Today we're deciding on a location, correct?
Aya: Yup! I bought a ton of magazines that show all the recommended spots. We can use these to decide!
Kanon: Fufu, you're really prepared.
Aya: Of course I am, I'm the coordinator! Uhm, why don't we start with the more popular spots...?
(Black cut)

[5 Minutes Later]

Aya: These sakura are pretty too~. I think these might be a different variety from the last ones? The color's so vibrant! How cute!
Kanon: The shape of these sakura is a little different. Normal sakura are cute too, but these could be fun to see.
Tsugumi: Thank you for waiting. Here are your Hazawa Coffee specials, two sakura lattes and butter cookies.
Aya: Thank you, Tsugumi-chan.
Tsugumi: No, thank you for your patronage!
Tsugumi: Uhm, it seems like you two have been talking about sakura for a while now. Did you just get back from seeing the blossoms?
Tsugumi: I actually went with my friends not that long ago. Weren't they beautiful?
Kanon: So you already saw the sakura, huh? We're actually in the middle of planning our outing now.
Aya: Yeah, I can wait!
Tsugumi: N-now?!
Tsugumi: (Aren't the sakura around here already starting to fa-... No, wait, maybe there's still a few places left.)
Tsugumi: Really? So when are you thinking of having it?
Kanon: Uhm... Actually, now that I think about it, we haven't really decided yet, have we? We only have a general time frame to work with.
Tsugumi: What?! Y-you don't even have a date?!
Aya: Ah, that's right! From everyone's schedules, it looks like it'll have to be either next Sunday or the Saturday after that...
Kanon: We need to decide quickly and let everyone know. I'd like to do it sooner rather than later though. How does next Sunday sound?
Aya: Sounds good to me! I'll send everyone a message.
Kanon: Thank you, Aya-chan.
Tsugumi: (I-is this really going to work...?)
Kanon: You said you already went to see the sakura, right, Tsugumi-chan? Did you go with everyone in Afterglow?
Tsugumi: Huh? Ah, yes!
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan wanted us to go somewhere slightly farther away this year. It was so much fun traveling with everyone. It was the perfect sakura party!
Kanon: So you went on a trip then, huh? I wonder if I'd get lost if everyone else was there.
Tsugumi: I'm sure you'd be fine! As long as you leave early, I think it's a great idea!
Aya: Yeah, going on a small trip together would be fun! Ooh~, it's so hard to decide~!
Tsugumi: Ah, wait...
Aya: What's wrong?
Tsugumi: Well... When we went, the sakura blossoms were already falling. Sakura season might be over for a lot of places.
Aya: Oh yeah~. Then I guess that plan's a no-go.
Kanon: Yeah. It'd be awful to get there and find no sakura. We can't have that...
Tsugumi: Exactly... Besides, Aya-san, you're an idol, so going to any of the popular spots might cause a commotion.
Tsugumi: That wouldn't make for a very nice sakura party, so I think you should try to find some place with fewer people around!
Aya: Huh? Ah... Y-you really think so? Would people really notice me...?
Tsugumi: Absolutely! There'd be fans lined up for miles just to get an autograph and a handshake!
Kanon: Fueee... Th-that sounds terrible.
Aya: Yeah, terrible~. But you're right, I'd probably be found out~. We can't have that... So why don't we have our party close by?
Aya: In that case, how about the park? It's nearby, and everyone already knows me around here, so it wouldn't be a big deal if someone recognized me.
Kanon: Yes, that's a great idea. That way we can relax.
Aya: Alright, then the park it is! And that means location and time are all set!
Aya: Which leaves us with figuring out the bentos~. I'm a little nervous about those. I'm not all that great at cooking.
Kanon: I help my mother sometimes, but I'm not very good either... Maybe we should practice?
Aya: Oh, yeah... Hey, Kanon-chan, why don't we practice together?
Aya: I really don't want to jump right into making a cutesy bento and then fail!
Kanon: Sure! Then how does tomorrow sound? My mother would love to hear one of my friends is coming over.
Aya: Really? I'd love to if it's okay with your family!
Aya: We better work hard so even your mom will be proud of the bentos we make! Let's do it~!
