event74-06 Chapter 5: Part-Time Job Manual

Aya and Kanon finish their guidebooks for the party. Just then, Kanon takes out a book of her own...

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama)

[Matsubara Residence - Living Room]

Kanon: All that's left is to make copies of the sakura party guidebook, and we're done...
Aya: I hope everybody likes it~. Alright, we're almost there! Let's do this!
Kanon: Yeah!
Kanon: ... Uhm, Aya-chan? I found something that brings back a lot of memories last night. Do you remember this...?
Aya: A notebook...? Huh? What is this?
Kanon: Take a look at the cover.
Aya: Let's see... It says "Job Manual" on the cover... Ah! Is this the manual I made you?!
Kanon: It is! I had just started working at our job and you made this for me to help me learn everything I needed to know.
Aya: Does that mean you've kept it ever since...?
Kanon: Of course. This manual saved me countless times.
Kanon: Without this, I don't know if I would have been able to keep up that job.
Kanon: Thank you, Aya-chan.
Aya: C-come on, you're making me blush~!
Aya: Can I... take a look inside? I know I'm the one who made it, but I don't really remember what I wrote in here.
Kanon: Fufufu, go right ahead. Take a look.
Aya: Let's see... "The first rule of this job is..."
Aya & Kanon: To smile and just do your best!
Aya: Huh? Wait... You remember?!
Kanon: Of course I do. It's advice from my senior coworker after all.
Aya: Senior...?! I was only hired a month before you~!
Kanon: But that still makes you more experienced than me.
Aya: I-I guess that's technically true...
Kanon: And seeing as this was from my senior, I made sure to read it over and over again, until I'd memorized every line.
Aya: Now that I look at it though, I sure wrote 'Just do your best' a lot, didn't I? This wasn't very helpful at all...
Kanon: That's not true! As long as I did my best, I found my job to be actually a lot of fun. Just like the manual said.
Kanon: Thanks to you, I grew to love my part-time job.
Aya: Kanon-chan...
Kanon: Do you remember when you said you wanted to add something to our sakura party that everyone would enjoy?
Kanon: Hearing you say that reminded me of this job manual.
Kanon: So I'm sure everyone will enjoy these guidebooks.
Aya: You know, it's kind of nice to know someone treasured the job manual I made...
Aya: If I had known, I would've been more careful writing this~. Ah, look! A spelling mistake!
Aya: Ah, another one!  'Hamburgers' is spelled 'hamgurbers' here!
Kanon: Fufufu.
Aya: Kanon-chan, do you have any correction tape? I've gotta at least fix 'hamgurbers'! Please~? This is too embarrassing.
Kanon: N-no way~. This is my greatest treasure~.
(Black cut)
Aya: Now to staple this here and...
Aya: There! Our guidebook is all finished...
Kanon: Great job~. We're finally done!
Aya: I better double-check my spelling, just to be sure... I don't want another 'hamgurber' incident...
Kanon: Fufufu. Aya-chan, you worry too much.
Aya: ... Hm? Ah...
Kanon: What's wrong, Aya-chan?
Aya: You know, now that I'm thinking about it... Maybe I wrote 'Just have fun!' a little too much.
Aya: That job manual was nothing but 'Just do your best'...
Kanon: Fufufu, Didn't you say having fun was all about attitude before?
Aya: Oh yeah, you're right! Attitude is important, so it's fine if it's a little repetitive, right?
Aya: Alright! Then all we have left to do is wait for the party and just have fun!
Kanon: Yeah! I can't wait~.
