event74-05 Chapter 4: Sakura Party Rules!

Maya, Ran, and Lisa visit Hanasakigawa to ask about the sakura party.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Lisa: Ah, there they are! Hey~! Aya~! Kanon~!
Aya: Huh? Lisa-chan?
Kanon: Maya-chan and Ran-chan are here too...!
Maya: G-good afternoon...
Ran: Nice to see you.
Aya: What's going on? Did you have plans here today?
Lisa: A-ahaha~... No~, we were just wondering how the sakura party planning's going.
Maya: We were just in the area, so we thought we'd stop by and ask...
Aya: Gotcha... Sorry to make you come all this way~♪
Aya: Fufu~, as I'm sure you all saw by the pictures, everything's going great! Isn't that right, Kanon-chan?
Kanon: It sure is. The bento menu is all set, and the sakura guidebook is turning out great. This party is going to be so much fun.
Lisa: Y-yeah, it sure sounds like it...
Aya: It's not quite finished yet, but do you want to see the guidebook? Is that okay with you, Kanon-chan?
Kanon: Of course! I'd love to get everyone's opinion on it.
Lisa: Alright... Then let's see this guidebook.
Aya: Ta-dah~! Here it is~!
Maya: Oho~, you've even added pictures to the cover. It looks fantastic.
Lisa: Uhm... "Today's the day we've all been waiting for! Remember: Just have fun!"
Lisa: Is this to help set the mood?
Aya: Yup! We thought it'd be good to add, seeing as having fun is all about attitude!
Ran: Are these the rules...? "The first rule is to look at the sakura and just have fun!"
Ran: You know, I'm seeing a lot of "just have fun" written here...
Aya: Ah, you're right! I didn't even notice! It's so important, I ended up repeating it over and over again...
Lisa: Huh? The meeting time is still blank... Does that mean you haven't decided yet?
Aya: Ah, that's right! Kanon-chan and I were just talking about it!
Aya: Let's see... Since we'll be eating together, we should probably meet up in the morning, right?
Kanon: Then... how does ten o' clock sound?
Aya: Great! Ah, but won't it still be a little cold then...?
Kanon: Oh, that's true... Then how about eleven o' clock?
Aya: Aww~, but meeting earlier means we'd have more time to relax~. What should we do~? Ten o' clock? Eleven o' clock?
Lisa: An hour's not going to change the temperature that much! Why don't we just meet at ten o' clock and make sure to dress warmly?
Aya: Okay, sounds like a plan! Thanks, Lisa-chan!
Maya: Uhm... I don't see anything telling us what to bring either... Should I bring drinks or anything else...?
Kanon: Ah, we're planning to buy juice and tea at the convenience store the day of. I'll be bringing some hot drinks as well... Is there anything in particular you'd like?
Lisa: Ah, I see...
Ran: If we're eating outside, don't we need paper plates and utensils?
Aya: Kanon-chan and I already bought some! We went shopping right after making our bentos. We got some super cute stuff. I hope you like it♪
Lisa: What about a tarp...?
Aya: We found one in Kanon-chan's house! It's huge!
Kanon: My family always used it for picnics, so I'm sure it'll be big enough for all of us.
Lisa: I-I see... Sounds like everything's going well.
Aya: Yup! We're doing just fine! Thanks for asking though!
Kanon: We were planning on handing out the guidebooks tomorrow... I'm sorry if we made you worry.
Aya: Anyway, we have to finish up this guidebook, so we'll see you later!
Lisa, Maya & Ran: ...
Ran: ... There they go.
Maya: Sounds like... things are going a lot smoother than we thought...
Lisa: Maybe we were just being impatient...
Ran: Yeah, I think so...
Maya: We'll just have to believe in Aya-san and Matsubara-san!
Lisa: Yeah, for sure☆ All we have to do is excitedly wait!
