event74-04 Chapter 3: A little Worrisome...

Without word from Aya and Kanon, Lisa, Maya, and Ran start to worry...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Lisa: No new messages, huh? Sigh~, I hope everything's okay.
Maya: Ahaha~... Don't worry, this is Aya-san and Matsubara-san after all. It'll be fine... Probably... Maybe...
Lisa: That doesn't exactly make me feel any better.
Ran: Huh...? Lisa-san? Maya-san?
Lisa: Ah, hey, Ran. Going to lunch?
Ran: Yeah, I'm just grabbing something to drink.
Ran: Wait, is something wrong? You two didn't look so good a second ago.
Lisa: A-ahaha~, was it that obvious? We're actually a little worried about the sakura party. Did you see yesterday's messages?
Ran: You mean... The pictures of the bentos?
Lisa: Yeah, that.
Maya: They also said they're making some kind of sakura party guidebook...
Lisa: Those two certainly would make something like that, but... What about all the other preparations?
Lisa: So far the only things we know are... that the party is next Sunday, and it's at a nearby park. That's it, right? They haven't set up a meeting time or anything like that, have they?
Ran: And are we supposed to bring anything...? I have no idea.
Lisa: Yeah... We haven't heard a peep about any basic information...
Lisa: I've been talking to Aya on and off this whole time, but the conversation always ends with her saying she can't wait for the sakura party.
Maya: Aya-san's really looking forward to this party, isn't she?
Lisa: Those two are really responsible, so I'm sure they're doing everything they need to, but... It's hard to just sit back and watch.
Ran: Yeah... Especially since the sakura season's going to be ending soon.
Maya: Ah, now that you mention it, you're right...
Lisa: I was definitely thinking that there might not be any left at this rate~.
Ran: ... Actually, when Afterglow and I went to see the sakura, they were already starting to fall.
Lisa: Wait, isn't that really bad?!
Maya: Hang on, I'll look it up on my smartphone! Let's see...
Maya: ... I-I see.
Lisa: What does it say?
Maya: The sakura around us are supposed to start falling this week...
Maya: I'm sure there are going to be some exceptions, but they might be gone by next week...
Lisa: In other words... next Sunday's not going to work...
Lisa: ... Is this really okay?
Ran: I... don't know.
Lisa, Maya & Ran: ...
Maya: I-I know it's a little late, but now I'm really getting nervous.
Ran: Maybe leaving everything to one or two people... wasn't such a good idea.
Lisa: Yeah... Alright, then after school, let's go over and talk to them!
Lisa: As long as everything's going according to plan, that's all that matters, but I just want to know if they need any help!
Maya: Same here. How about you, Mitake-san?
Ran: I'll go too. You guys invited me to this party after all. Besides, I don't have any plans today.
Lisa: Okay~, then let's meet at the school gates after class.
Maya: Sounds good! See you later then!
Ran: Yeah... See you.
