event08-05 Chapter 4: Representation of Ideals

Eve explains why she admires samurai. What will be Aya's takeaway from hearing her story...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Good morning~!
Hina: Oh, there she is. Morning, Aya-chan~.
Aya: Huh? What's everyone reading?
Chisato: The magazine we did that interview and photoshoot for the other day just came out.
Maya: I saw it at the convenience store, and just couldn't leave without buying it!
Hina: The person at the register didn't realize it was you on the cover of the magazine, huh~?
Maya: Ugh... that kind of hurts...
Chisato: Maya-chan usually has her glasses on, so it probably makes it hard to tell who she really is.
Maya: You're so kind, Chisato-san...!
Aya: Oh, really~? What's the photo like? I wanna see too!
Hina: Eve-chan looks so different in this photo. There's something cool about her.
Chisato: You're right. Her expression is quite poised.
Eve: Ehehe, thank you. I imagined I was a warrior about to go into battle when we took this photo.
Hina: Ahaha... you were in bushido mode that day too, huh?
Eve: Bushido is what keeps me going!
Maya: You really love bushido, don't you Eve-chan?
Eve: That's right. I want to be like a samurai who mastered bushido♪
Hina: But you haven't even seen a real samurai before. I mean, neither have I, but still... Why do you admire the samurai?
Eve: Hrm... I feel drawn to the mentality of bushido. Sticking to one's intent, caring for one's companions, that kind of thing.
Eve: I read in a magazine once that it was the samurai who mastered the mentality of bushido.
Eve: I have never seen a samurai before, but... for me, there's nothing strange about admiring the people who mastered bushido.
Chisato: For Eve-chan, a samurai is the concept of the combination of all the things she thinks are ideal.
Aya: A samurai is a concept...? Urgh, I don't get that at all...
Chisato: She admires the people who have mastered her ideals. In Eve-chan's case, that happens to be the samurai.
Chisato: Whether or not samurai exist now is not really a problem for Eve-chan. A samurai is the representation of her ideals.
Hina: So that's why it's totally normal for her to admire them. I see, I see.
Aya: Whaaat?! What do you see~? This is making my head hurt.
Maya: Ahaha. I guess it is kind of complicated. How about this...? What is it that you admire about Ayumi-san?
Aya: Umm... she's hardworking, she never gives up... and she always smiles no matter what.
Maya: In other words, Ayumi-san is a representation of your ideals, Aya-san.
Aya: She represents my ideals... Oh, I think I kind of understand now.
Eve: The people that Aya-san and I admire, the samurai and Ayumi-san... They are the same.
Aya: ... So many things were going through my head after I found out that Marmalade was going to break up... I wasn't sure what I was supposed to feel on the day of their final concert either.
Aya: But I've made up my mind. I want to go to their last concert and see for myself what Ayumi-san means to me, one last time.
Aya: I think if I do that, I'll be able to keep sight of my goals, even if Marmalade breaks up...!
Hina: Ooh, Aya-chan is moving forward!
Chisato: I have a feeling the final concert is going to be a life-changing day for you, Aya-chan.
Aya: I think so too. Thank you, everyone...
Eve: If someone has a problem, we help each other. We get through it together... That's what friends do!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Hina: Aya-chan seems to be a bit more positive now. I'm so glad~.
Maya: I think the things Eve-san talked about are what did it.
Eve: I really hope it helped Aya-san, even if it's just in the slightest.
Chisato: I hope so too. One member's problem is everyone's problem, after all.
Hina: ... It's amazing how much Aya-chan loves this Ayumi-san person though~. I think it's gonna get out of hand when she sees her on stage.
Maya: Ahh~, I can understand how Aya-san feels~. I met and talked to that drummer I told you about the other day...
Maya: I felt like I'd died and gone to heaven! She wasn't just a great drummer, she was a really good person too...
Chisato: ...
Chisato: Can I have a minute, everyone?
Eve: What's the matter?
Chisato: There's something I want to do for Aya-chan, but I'll need everyone's help to do it.
