event08-04 Chapter 3: Why We Play

Hina talks with her sister, Sayo, about why she started playing the guitar. What will Sayo's response be...?

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Hina: And then, Maya-chan told us about why she started the drums too!
Hina: After that, we had cake together and...
Sayo: Everyone's so close as always, I see.
Hina: We're slowly becoming good friends these days. Doesn't your band do stuff like that?
Sayo: ... Sometimes, I guess.
Hina: Oh, really? You guys should do things together more often.
Sayo: It's not as simple as that. And besides, it's not like we have a bad relationship.
Hina: Oh well. Anyway, it kinda got me thinking, you know? About what it was that made me want to do this.
Sayo: What do you mean?
Hina: The thing that made me want to play the guitar. It was you!
Sayo: ...
Hina: You were the reason I started the guitar and joined  Pastel＊Palettes...
Hina: I can do anything I try, so I thought I'd get sick of the band and quit, but...
Hina: Ever since joining Pastel＊Palettes, there's been so many things I can't do! And it's so interesting because of all the things that keep happening!
Sayo: You shouldn't talk about problems and things so gleefully.
Hina: I've learned there's lots of things that I can do that others can't. I've also realized that a band doesn't work without other people.
Hina: Being a part of Pastel＊Palettes has made me more aware of other people. And now I love people!
Hina: I think I've changed! And when I trace back to where it all began, I realized that you're the person I have to thank.
Sayo: Hina...
Sayo: You started the guitar, and it barely took you any time to reach my level... That was nothing but pain and stress for me.
Hina: Sis...
Sayo: But because of you, I was able to devote more of myself to playing the guitar. And on top of that, it pushed me to join Roselia.
Sayo: ... That makes you the thing that motivated me. So in this sense, I am thankful.
Sayo: ... Thank you, Hina.
Hina: ...! Me too! Thanks!
Hina: The way you play the guitar is so much more sparkly and fun now.
Hina: Before you used to play everything so sharply, and it kinda sounded like it was suffocating...
Sayo: ... That changed because of my experiences with Roselia.
Hina: I like you more the way you are now. That's why I wanna say thank you to Roselia as well!
Sayo: Fufu. You're weird.
Hina: Ehehe. I've always been weird! ... Hey, I was just thinking.
Sayo: ... About what?
Hina: We're closer than we used to be, right?
Sayo: I'm not sure about that.
Hina: Whatever. I can tell we are! We were boppin' just now.
Sayo: Hina. You are what drives me now, so if you suddenly go and quit the guitar, I will never forgive you. Understand?
Hina: Same goes for you. You better not give it up without my permission!
Sayo: As if I would.
Hina: Ahaha. That's my big sis♪
