event08-03 Chapter 2: Our Inspirations

After rehearsal, the girls talk about musical inspirations over tea.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Aya: Wow, this tea is really nice!
Hina: Apparently, this is one of Chisato-chan's go-to places. She says everything is great here.
Eve: The cookies are delicious too! You have to try them!
Hina: Oh, do you come here a lot too, Eve-chan?
Eve: Actually, I work here part-time! Thank you for your patronage!
Chisato: Fufu, I'm not sure that's the right phrase to use for a cafe like this.
Maya: The tea I chose is really nice too, Aya-san. Would you like a sip?
Aya: Sure, you can try mine too.
Aya: ... Ooh, you're right! This one's really nice♪
Eve: Try my cookie too, Aya-san!
Aya: Wow, this is so good!
Hina: Okay, umm... hmm, what should I do?
Aya: What are you umming for, Hina-chan?
Hina: I was just thinking how it's hard to cheer people up.
Maya: Hey, Hina-san!
Aya: Ahaha... Thanks, everyone.
Maya: News about the person that inspired you to do something is always a big deal, isn't it?
Hina: Speaking of that kinda thing, what made you want to play the drums, Maya-chan?
Maya: I'm the same as Aya-san. I started playing the drums because there was a certain person I wanted to be like.
Aya: You did...?
Maya: Yeah. I always loved music and listened to lots of different artists, but I was uh... really socially withdrawn, you could say... I never went to concerts or anything.
Maya: But one day... I heard this drummer play, and it just blew me away! I wanted to be able to play the drums like her.
Maya: After that, I started practicing in the studio, going to concerts to learn more... and my life started to change.
Chisato: And then you met us.
Maya: Now that I think back on it all, I really am glad I started the drums~.
Maya: I'm going to keep working hard to become just as good at the drums as her!
Aya: To become just as good...
Eve: Aya-san?
Aya: I always thought I wanted to be like Ayumi-san. I looked up to her, and she was my goal in life...
Aya: But now I don't know what to do... The Ayumi-san I wanted to be like is going to quit being an idol.
Chisato: You feel like you've lost your goal.
Hina: But didn't you say you were going to be "an idol who gives people dreams"? Isn't that a goal?
Chisato: She lost the person who gave her a goal, the person who was her starting point. I guess she feels like she no longer has something to guide her...
Hina: Something to guide her, huh..? Hmm.
Eve: You're strong, Aya-san. I'm sure you will find a way to fill that space in your heart.
Eve: A new goal... I think we can find it together!
Maya: That's right. You gave me courage too, Aya-san! What am I going to do if you start feeling down?
Aya: Thank you, both of you...
Eve: Aya-san, why don't you try practicing Zen? They say it's a great way to find yourself!
Aya: What?! Th-that's what I have to start from...?!
Maya: O-oh, I hear Sutra is good for that too~.
Aya: Are you serious~?!
Chisato: ...
Chisato: (... Starting points.)
Chisato: (I wonder what it was that made me want to be an actress...)
