event08-01 Opening: A Shocking Break-up

Aya learns that the idol group she's been looking up to for so long is breaking up...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Studio]

Aya: I'm Aya, the fluffy pink member of Pastel＊Palettes! Super fluffy♪
Aya: So, what did you think of my new pose?
Maya: U-umm, it was... definitely new.
Hina: Totally. I don't think there's another idol out there who'd do that kinda pose~.
Aya: ... You guys aren't saying that as a compliment. Even I can tell when you're being mean, you know?
Chisato: But if you think about it in a different way, it means you can be a new type of idol that no one has ever seen before.
Aya: A new type of idol...!
Chisato: It still doesn't change the fact it's not a compliment, mind you...
Aya: Gah!
Eve: A new type of idol... You used to say that you wanted to be an idol who gives people dreams, right Aya-san?
Aya: Yeah, that's right. I guess I still feel the same way now.
Eve: What kind of idol was the person who inspired you to do this, Aya-san?
Aya: Oh, I hadn't really talked about that, huh? The idol that I wanted to be just like is Ayumi-san, from the group "Marmalade."
Aya: Ayumi-san is kind of the funny one in the group, but she's also really dedicated and hard-working.
Aya: In her interviews, she often talks about how hard work can make your dreams come true... What she said always gave me so much courage.
Aya: That's why I wanted to become an idol. I wanted to give courage to others like Ayumi-san did to me. She's kind of like my starting point, you know?
Maya: Marmalade... I don't exactly know a lot about idol groups, but even I've heard that name before.
Chisato: Marmalade is quite famous as far as idol groups go. You've probably seen them on TV before.
Aya: They're really amazing! I've wanted to be like Ayumi-san for the longest time~.
Aya: I hope someday I'll actually be the same kind of idol she is...
Eve: She must be so amazing for you to look up to her so much~.
Hina: Marmalade, Marmalade... hrm~...
Chisato: Is something the matter, Hina-chan?
Hina: That's it! Wasn't Marmalade on that TV show about animals on Sundays?
Aya: Yeah, I think they were! They used to check out unique animals and play with them. I used to love that show~...
Hina: I think my sister used to watch it. Hey, speaking of Marmalade...
Hina: Aren't they going to break-up?
Aya: What?!
Eve: Is that true, Hina-san?
Hina: Yeah. I heard some people talking about it on the train this morning.
Hina: I thought the name sounded kinda familiar when Aya mentioned it before. It was because I just heard it on the train today.
Aya: I was in a rush this morning, so I didn't have time to check the news. I had no idea...
Maya: ...! Aya-san, have a look at this website!
News Net: "Super-Popular Idol Group Marmalade Breaking-Up!" "The talent agency Marmalade belongs to announced the group would be breaking up after it's concert in one months' time."
Chisato: One months' time... That's rather sudden.
Aya: I don't believe it... I was really looking forward to that concert...
Eve: Aya-san, don't let it get you down.
Maya: A lot of the bands I liked have broken up. I know how sad it can be...
Aya: Yeah... I guess I'm not going to be able to see Ayumi-san anymore...
All: ...
Aya: S-sorry! I'm making things awkward...!
Aya: The instructor is going to be here soon, right? We should start getting ready!
Hina: Aya-chan...
Chisato: ... I wonder if she's okay...
