69_Chisato Shirasagi_R1 Iron Smile

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: Hello, everyone. My name is Chisato Shirasagi, and I play the bass for Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: I've never played an instrument or been in a band before…I'm learning new things each and every day, and I'm enjoying this fresh, new experience.
Chisato: Just yesterday, I tried restringing my bass for the first time...
Chisato: Bass strings are stiff, so it actually takes quite a lot of strength.
Chisato: Another member of the band, Maya-chan, helped me with the restringing.
Chisato: She knows a lot about various instruments, and is always really dependable.
Chisato: Not just Maya-chan, but all of the girls in the band are really lovely...
Chisato: I couldn't do this without them.
Chisato: I don't want to be too dependent just because I'm a beginner, so I will try to devote myself to my practice so that some day the others will be able to depend on me if they need to♪
Chisato: We still have a long way to go as a band, so it would be great if you would keep watching over us.
Chisato: On a personal level... I am excited to start afresh and do my best as a new idol.
Chisato: I hope the next time we meet is when our band is standing on the stage...
Chisato: Please look forward to it!


<Time Off Together>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: Oh, fancy meeting you here. What a coincidence.
Chisato: Hm? What am I up to...? Just enjoying a walk.
Chisato: I have the day off, after all.
Chisato: I thought it would be nice to do something besides practice... Yes, that's true, perhaps shopping could be good. I was just thinking I'd like to get some new clothes.
Chisato: You think it's nice to see me outside of the studio?
Chisato: Fufu, thank you.
Chisato: That's true, we only meet when we are working, don't we?
Chisato: It must be hard having no private life...?
Chisato: Fufu, that's not true. I'm enjoying private life right now in front of you.
Chisato: You almost forgot...?
Chisato: You're funny, you know that? Fufu... Sorry, I shouldn't laugh.
Chisato: Thank you for caring.
Chisato: But don't worry, I'm fine.
Chisato: Despite how I look, I've been in the industry for about 10 years now. I'm used to it.
Chisato: Well, I think I'll get going now. I only have one day off, so I'd better make the most of it, right?
Chisato: Am I free later...?
Chisato: Fufu, I'm sorry. I actually have some things to do today. I'll see you again when we work together.
Chisato: Thank you for asking though.
Chisato: Kanon is about the only person who invites me out in my private time.
Chisato: I never thought you would too, {{userName}}-san.
Chisato: ... Okay, this time I'm really going to head off. We'll meet again at the studio. Goodbye.
