70_Chisato Shirasagi_R2 Onstage

<About My Costume>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: *huff*... *puff*... Phew...
Chisato: I think that should do it for today.
Chisato: We only have a few days left until we perform, but at this rate, we should be able to put on a good show.
Chisato: And then...
Aya: Hmm~hm~hmm~♪
Chisato: ...
Chisato: Aya-chan? What are you doing over there in front of the mirror...?
Aya: Oh, Chisato-chan!
Aya: Umm, I always feel like it's shame to get changed out of my idol outfit immediately after we finish practice, so I was looking at it from different angles in the mirror!
Aya: Ahh... it's just so cute...
Chisato: ... You always look so happy when you put that outfit on, Aya-chan.
Aya: That's because becoming an idol has always been my dream!
Aya: Don't you feel happy too when you put your outfit on?
Chisato: Of course, I feel happy. The design and the color both suit me, after all.
Aya: That's true, the color of your outfit is so cute.
Chisato: Thank you.
Aya: It's so cute how the color of Eve-chan's outfit matches her.
Aya: Maya-chan's is really cute too!
Chisato: That's right, each outfit was designed to suit us perfectly.
Aya: Ahh... I kind of want to try on everyone else's idol outfits now!
Aya: What do you say, Chisato-chan? If it's okay, can I try on yours on?
Chisato: My outfit?
Aya: Yeah!
Chisato: ... I'd like to let you try it on, but...
Chisato: I don't think you'll be able to wear mine, Aya-chan.
Aya: I won't be able to wear it...? Why is that?
Chisato: Think about my height.
Aya: Oh...!
Chisato: I'm the shortest member of the band, so I think it would difficult for you to wear anything of mine.
Chisato: Tall people can't wear shorter people's clothes, right?
Aya: Yeah...
Aya: *sigh* I really wanted to try on your outfit... Oh well, it can't be helped if that's the case.
Chisato: I'm glad you understand.
Aya: Mmm~, if you're the only one who can wear it...
Chisato: What's the matter?
Aya: It's like your outfit is for no one else but you. It's so lovely!
Chisato: That's true. My outfit is mine alone.
Aya: Yeah!
Chisato: I am the only one who can wear it, and that's what gives it meaning.
Chisato: ... Fufu.


<Thanks To The Staff>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: Oh, hello there. What brings you here?
Chisato: Me? I was just unwinding a little before rehearsal.
Chisato: It's important to go in with a clear mind, after all.
Chisato: When I  take a few deep breaths and calm myself, I can get through rehearsals or even shows without losing my confidence.
Chisato: Huh? I sound like I really want our shows will be successful?
Chisato: Of course, I do. I want everyone who comes to see us perform to have a good time.
Chisato: And besides, I can't afford to hold everyone back, you know?
Chisato: So that's why I'm going to get everything completely right.
Chisato: Hm? My stage outfit suits me? Fufufu, thank you very much.
Chisato: I quite like this outfit too.
Chisato: I think it's natural for all girls to want to wear pretty clothes.
Chisato: Fufufu, which is why I'm quite happy to be able to wear this outfit.
Chisato: I must say... this is quite strange.
Chisato: Whenever I talk to you, I always feel relaxed. Or perhaps I should say, at ease...
Chisato: You're looking forward to our next show?
Chisato: Thank you.
Chisato: It's because of you, {{userName}}-san... And all the other staff who help us from behind the scenes, that I'm able to give my absolute best during every performance.
Chisato: Allow me to say it one more time. Thank you. Okay, I'm going to head in now.
