71_Chisato Shirasagi_R3 Journey's Aim

Gacha phrase: We should be focusing on what's most important.

<Rise To The Top>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

Chisato: That's not what I mean.
(Black cut)
Chisato: I really think this part should be like this!
Maya: (Ah, they're at it again...)
Maya: (Aya-san and Chisato-san always get heated up during personal practice~.)
Maya: (I guess it's proof that they both trust each other though.)
Chisato: Okay. You have a point, Aya-chan... Can we continue this after we take a break?
Maya: (Oh, looks like it's finished.)
Maya: You're practicing hard today, Chisato-san.
Chisato: Thanks, Maya-chan.
Maya: You were both very animated today.
Chisato: Aya-chan is very devoted, I'll give her that.
Chisato: But her way of thinking is...
Maya: ...
Maya: (Chisato-san seems to be quite troubled by this.)
Maya: You might get angry at me for saying this, but...
Chisato: What is it?
Maya: You seem to be incredibly lively when you talk with Aya-san.
Chisato: ... Is that so? Do I really seem to be enjoying myself?
Maya: Yes. Especially when you convince Aya-san that you are right...
Maya: ... Ah, I didn't mean it like that!
Maya: I wasn't trying to say that it looks like you enjoy wrapping Aya-san around your little finger, or anything like that...!
Chisato: Oh, so that's what you think I do, Maya-chan?
Maya: Ah, I'm sorry! What I meant to say was...!
Chisato: Fufu, I'm kidding. I know you don't see me in that way.
Chisato: I apologize. I just wanted to tease you a little.
Maya: Phew... That's a relief.
Maya: So, umm... yes, what I was trying to say is...
Maya: You and Aya-san both have the same goal... It's like you push each other to achieve it. I suppose it's what people call a friendly rivalry?
Maya: It seems like you're really enjoying it, or perhaps happy that you have it…
Maya: I'm sorry if I've gotten the wrong impression.
Chisato: ... I see. You may be right.
Chisato: A lot of the work I have done in the past has been by myself, so doing something in a group like this is a refreshing change.
Chisato: Perhaps that change is what makes those feelings apparent.
Maya: So that's what it was.
Chisato: I suppose so.
Chisato: Aren't you enjoying this too, Maya-chan? Working with everyone to reach the top.
Maya: ... I am.
Chisato: I see... I'm happy to hear that. I value your opinion, Maya-chan.
Maya: R-really?
Chisato: Yes. Not just yours, but also the opinions of everyone else in the band. They often make me realize things I would never have found on my own...
Chisato: And in order to reach the top, all of these things are very important.
Maya: Huhehe... I'm being of use to everyone... This feels kind of good.
Chisato: Fufu... Let's keep moving towards the top.
Maya: Of course! I'll do my best!
Chisato: ... Oh, it looks like Aya-chan is back. I guess our break is over.
Chisato: Shall we get back into it then?
Maya: I think we should.
Chisato: Oh, by the way... Just before, you said that Aya-chan and I were like rivals, right?
Maya: Ahh... yes, I did...
Chisato: If Aya-chan and I really are rivals, she's going to need to bring herself up to my level first.


<Efforts Rewarded>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: Thank you for supporting Pastel＊Palettes today!
Chisato: Everyone's hard work is what allowed us put on a perfect show.
Chisato: Thank you so very much!
Chisato: Good work everyone!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: ... Phew.
Chisato: Oh, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Chisato: Thank you for your help today.
Chisato: It seems like the fans all had a really good time too...
Chisato: And it's all thanks to you, {{userName}}-san, and the other staff.
Chisato: Hm? You were just doing your job?
Chisato: But it's your job, {{userName}}-san, which is what always supports us.
Chisato: Thank you for being there for us.
Chisato: Mind you...
Chisato: I never imagined that we'd make it this far, all things considered...
Chisato: Hm? You're wondering what I'm talking about?
Chisato: It was... back when we just formed Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: We were still quite new to this back then.
Chisato: But despite that, we somehow managed to get the opportunity to perform at a music event.
Chisato: Fufu... I still remember it all clearly.
Chisato: When we received our place in music event, Aya-chan said that it was the "result of everyone's hard work."
Chisato: And in response to that I said...
Chisato: If performing was a reward for hard work, you would've been promoted from trainee a long time ago, wouldn't you?
Chisato: There's nothing wrong with hard work. Or having dreams. But hard work won't always make your dreams come true.
Chisato: ... I think I said that as well.
Chisato: Aya-chan has worked incredibly hard to get this far.
Chisato: Of all the members, she was the one who kept practicing the most without a second thought...
Chisato: No matter how few opportunities might come her way, she always kept working hard.
Chisato: And I said something that walked all over her hard work.
Chisato: Fufu, you must think I'm terrible.
Chisato: But that's how reality is.
Chisato: And I just put that reality in front of her so that she could see it.
Chisato: ... I imagine it would have hurt.
Chisato: I remember her being quite depressed that day.
Chisato: But even then...
Chisato: Not once did she stop trying.
Chisato: Naturally, we practiced regularly, but we even started selling tickets to the event ourselves.
Chisato: We didn't stop, regardless of whatever criticism or jeering we received...
Chisato: Day in day out, we sold tickets for as long as we could and then went to practice.
Chisato: ... But on one of those days...
Chisato: We were out selling tickets when it suddenly started raining.
Chisato: In this situation, you'd normally wrap things up early and call it a day, right?
Chisato: Not Aya-chan. She went out in the rain by herself and continued to sell tickets.
Chisato: When I found out I...
Chisato: ... Actually, I think I'll keep that part to myself.
Chisato: ... Passersby that recognized her posted about her online.
Chisato: The news spread, and it didn't take long for Aya-chan's fans or even people who didn't know about Pastel＊Palettes, to hear about the effort she was making.
Chisato: After that... fufu...
Chisato: So many people came to see us perform.
Chisato: It was truly because of the hard work that Aya-chan put in...
Chisato: Hard work won't always make your dreams come true. ...
Chisato: I stand by what I said.
Chisato: Perhaps it's not always, but...
Chisato: I suppose there are times when people will notice your hard work, and you might even be rewarded for it...
Chisato: Watching Aya-chan made me begin to believe this.
Chisato: The fact I am here now is because of what Aya-chan said that day, and...
Chisato: The rest of Pastel＊Palettes who stood by her.
Chisato: ... Who would've thought? Fufu. I think I've said a little too much today.
Chisato: I think I'll head back now. I'm sure the others are waiting for me.
Chisato: The things I told you today... I'd appreciate it if you didn't tell the others. Especially Aya-chan, okay?
Chisato: Now, if you'll excuse me.
