137_Chisato Shirasagi_R3 Place Of Purity

Gacha phrase: Will you please give me a hand? It's for Aya.

<My Beginning>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Dressing Room]

Chisato: And the show's over. Good job, everyone.
Maya: That was great!
Eve: Osu! Good work!
Chisato: Huh? Where are Hina-chan and Aya-chan?
Maya: Aya-san went home to clean her room, and Hina-san said she wanted to do some shopping, so she left early.
Eve: Don't you have to go too, Chisato-san?
Chisato: I have the day off tomorrow, so I think I'll relax for a little before leaving.
Maya: I... don't have any plans today, so I might do the same.
Eve: I want to sit and chat with you both! Let's enjoy the afterglow of today's performance!
Maya: It'd be perfect if we had some snacks.
Chisato: Fufu, something to relish while you relax?
Maya: Hey, that makes me sound old~.
Eve: Relish? I guess we need some bread or crackers now~.
Maya: Eve-san, not "relish", just "to relish."
Eve: Hmm? Relish isn't relish? This is confusing~...
Maya: Umm, they're kind of different...
Maya: Anyway, that reminds me, Chisato-san.
Chisato: Reminds you of what, Maya-chan?
Maya: You used to be an actress when you were a child, right?
Chisato: Yes, when I was quite young. Why do you ask?
Maya: Ohh, I was just wondering why you decided to become an actress. Was there something in particular that made you want to do it?
Eve: Oh! I would like to know too! The starting point for the actress inside Chisato-san!
Chisato: ... The thing that made we want to be an actress.
Chisato: Fufu, I wonder what it was. I can't even remember if I entered this industry by choice or not.
Eve: You don't remember...?
Maya: You were a child, after all. Guess it can't be helped...
Maya: Wait, when I talked about the reason why I started playing the drums...
Maya: Didn't you gaze up at the ceiling, Chisato-san? Were you thinking back on why you began acting?
Chisato: I'm surprised you noticed that...
Maya: Fuhehe... sorry...
Chisato: True. I suppose I was probably thinking about what my starting point was, as you said.
Chisato: My earliest memory is from acting, and I had never even thought twice about it...
Chisato: About what my starting point really was.
Eve: If you don't know what your starting point is, you should just make it Pastel＊Palettes!
Eve: You can just choose it yourself! You should make the thing closest to your heart your starting point!
Eve: And then when you are older, you can say that Pastel＊Palettes was your starting point!
Maya: I see... The logic is a little forced, but it kind of makes sense.
Maya: Like Eve-san said, if Pastel＊Palettes became Chisato-san's starting point…
Maya: I think that would be really lovely.
Chisato: Fufu, you're saying the same thing as Aya-chan.
Chisato: Pastel＊Palettes as my starting point, hmm...
Eve: That's right! With Maya-san, Hina-san, Aya-san and I!
Chisato: ... Fufu, I guess so.
Chisato: I suppose... that might just work.
Maya: Okay, Pastel＊Palettes is now Chisato-sans starting point!
Chisato: When someone asks me about this kind of thing in the future, that's what I'll say.
Chisato: Acting aside, my starting point as an idol is without a doubt Pastel＊Palettes.
Maya: That's our Chisato-san!
Eve: Chisato-san the brave!
Chisato: Now that's something no one has ever called me before...


<Butterfly Effect>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Downtown]

Chisato: Fufu... Aya-chan's smile is so lovely in this photo.
Chisato: ... Oh, {{userName}}-san. What a surprise to see you on a day off.
Chisato: I don't have any work today, so I thought it would be nice to take a stroll.
Chisato: Aya-chan's lovely smile...? Oh, I was just looking at this picture of us.
Chisato: The other day, the idol group that made Aya-chan strive to become an idol had their last concert.
Chisato: This is a photo of Pastel＊Palettes and that idol group together.
Chisato: See? Aya-chan's smile is lovely, isn't it?
Chisato: Aya-chan was really depressed until she got to meet the leader of this idol group.
Chisato: The break up of the idol group that made her want to become an idol...
Chisato: It's basically as if the thing that gave her this dream suddenly ceased to exist. It's only natural that she felt depressed.
Chisato: ... But that doesn't mean it's okay for her to be rehearsing absent-mindedly.
Chisato: Well, everything worked out this time, so I guess it's okay.
Chisato: Oh, that reminds me, when we were talking about this...
Chisato: Maya-chan told us about why she started to play the drums. She said that she heard a certain drummer play, and began to learn out of admiration for this person.
Chisato: After hearing this, it made me think...
Chisato: It was me who asked her to join Pastel＊Palettes, and if she hadn't been a drummer, we wouldn't be the group that we are now...
Chisato: The drummer that Maya-chan happened to hear that day, connected to Pastel＊Palettes as we know it.
Chisato: Fufu, isn't this fascinating?
Chisato: Have you heard of the butterfly effect, {{userName}}-san?
Chisato: It's the idea that small phenomena such as a butterfly flapping its wings can affect the weather in a far away place...
Chisato: I'm sorry, this is getting a little complicated, isn't it?
Chisato: Simply put, it means that the small events of the past can later have a big impact on the future.
Chisato: In this case, the drummer that Maya heard in the past connects directly to her standing on the stage now as the member of an idol band.
Chisato: It's kind of incredible when you think about it, don't you agree?
Chisato: The things that you yourself might think are trivial, can end up having a great impact on people other than you.
Chisato: Fufu, this is quite interesting, isn't it?
Chisato: After hearing Maya-chan's story, I felt I should value these opportunities more.
Chisato: Everyone has a reason for being where they are at this very moment.
Chisato: Do you have something that led to you working as a staff member at CiRCLE, {{userName}}-san?
Chisato: Whatever it is, I'm very happy that it happened.
Chisato: It's because of whatever it was that we were able to meet someone who cares so much about Pastel＊Palettes, after all.
Chisato: Fufu, we all truly think this, you know?
Chisato: Aya-chan dreamed of idolhood, for Maya-chan it was the drums...
Chisato: Everyone gathered for a different reason and formed Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: It's such a fascinating, and mysterious turn of events.
Chisato: Hm? You want to know why I decided to become an actress?
Chisato: Let's see, hmm...
Chisato: Fufu, it's so long ago that I think I've forgotten♪
Chisato: But, regardless of what the reason was...
Chisato: I think the most important thing is what this very moment means to me.
Chisato: 10 years, or 20 years from now... When I'm older, I'd like to be able to say that Pastel＊Palettes was my starting point.
Chisato: So until that day comes, I want to devote myself to what I'm doing.
Chisato: Because that's what's important to me♪
