161_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 My Confidante

Gacha phrase: Yes. Allow me to say thank you, and apologize, over tea.

<Magazine Interview>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Chisato: Good morning.
Staff: Chisato-san, perfect timing. Here, this is for you.
Chisato: What is it...?
Staff: This magazine has your interview from the theater performance. We just received it today. Do you remember doing that?
Chisato: Ahh... Oh yeah! I had it during one of my rehearsal.
Chisato: (What did I tell them...? I don't even remember.)
Staff: There's a sticky note to show you where it is, so take a look if you'd like. It's page 18.
Chisato: Thank you. Let's see, page-
Hina: What is it~? What'd you talk about~?
Eve: I wanna know!
Chisato: Eek! You two... You could've said something. You must be trying to give me a heart attack, sneaking up behind me like that.
Hina: But we heard you talking with the staff earlier~.
Maya: What'd you say to the interviewer? Tell us!
Aya: I want to know too~!
Chisato: Rehearsals were stressful, so... I have no idea.
Eve: That's true! Okay, why don't we all read it together?
Maya: Great idea! We still have some time before our lesson.
Chisato: Geez, guys... Alright, do you actually wanna read it together?
All: Yes~! Uh huh!
Hina: Hey, since we're all here, why don't we make this into tea time as well?
Aya: Yeah~! I'll bring the snacks.
Maya: And I'll pour the tea!
Eve: I'll help!
Chisato: O-okay, then I'll-
Aya: You'll sit and wait. You are the star, after all.
Chisato: The star...?
(Black cut)
Aya: Snacks, check. Tea, check... Okay, we're ready!
Eve: Let's read it already!
Maya: Huhehe... This is exciting!
Chisato: I'm pretty sure I didn't say anything that great, you know...
Maya: That can't be true! I know this article will be filled with your emotions and spirit!
Aya: Alright, here we go~!
Eve: Ah, they have a picture of you! This is of you in your costume, right?
Maya: It looks good!
Hina: Ah, here's something about Pastel＊Palettes~! You told them about us. How sweet!
Aya: Wait, where?
Hina: Right here, this part. It says, "Rehearsal has been tough... A lot of stress and worrying... Feels like I've been constantly running into a wall..."
Hina: But the members of Pastel＊Palettes and all of my friends have been supporting me along the way. I'm really grateful for them.
Aya: Chisato-chan, you really said that...?
Maya: I'm so touched...
Eve: We can tell exactly how you felt.
Chisato: Hina-chan, this is embarrassing. Don't read aloud while I'm here!
Hina: It's fine~! What you told them is great~.
Chisato: Sigh...
Hina: You know, I think this kind of back and forth with Chisato-chan is a new experience for us~.
Eve: Yeah, you're right! This is my first time seeing her get embarrassed.
Maya: You've really changed. Maybe it's because you're showing us your true self? Or because you're allowing us to get to know you better?
Aya: Mhm, I like this Chisato-chan a lot!
Chisato: You guys...
Chisato: (I've been having more fun hanging out too. You change yourself, and the way you feel about things changes alongside you.)
Chisato: I was glad that you were all there for me during that time. If I were alone, I don't think I would've been able to get over that wall.
Aya: Chisato-chan...
Maya: Wow, you're being so open...
Chisato: It's kinda embarrassing to say it to you all, but I really appreciated your support. I know I'll be able to count on you all again when the time comes!
All: Yeah!


<Where I Belong>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Taking A Walk]

Dog: Woof, woof!
Chisato: You're thirsty? Water, coming right up. Just one second.
Chisato: ... Huh? Hey, {{userName}}-san. What are you doing out here?
Chisato: Me? I'm just taking our dog for a walk. My sister and I take turns each day, and today is my turn.
Chisato: If you're not busy, why don't you join us? It is a nice day, after all.
Chisato: ... You'll tag along? Alright, let's go.
Chisato: This is the route we always take. Since there aren't very many cars, it's perfect for letting dogs walk around.
Chisato: Oh yeah, would you like to hear about something that happened recently? It might be a bit of a long story, though...
Chisato: The other day, I had a performance. It was a story about a poor girl who wants to become an actress. I played the sick, younger sister.
Chisato: A really famous director asked for me specifically to play the part, so I spent a lot of time preparing and practicing the role, but...
Chisato: No matter how much effort I put, for some reason I couldn't play the character in a way that made him happy. I was stuck.
Chisato: What's that? Surprising? Yeah, I know... It was my first time dealing with that kind of feedback.
Chisato: I racked my brain trying to figure out where I was going wrong and how I could improve, but I couldn't come up with anything.
Chisato: And that's when the girls from Pastel＊Palettes showed up. I'm glad they came, but…
Chisato: It seems they were under the impression that there's nothing I can't do, so they kept cheering me on and telling me not to worry...
Chisato: But instead of making me feel better, their support felt more like pressure...
Chisato: Hina-chan even said, "I thought that you could do anything," but that's definitely not the case.
Chisato: ... You think it seems like I could?
Chisato: I'm not some kind of genius like Hina-chan. The only reason I am where I am now is because of how much time and effort I've spent.
Chisato: It's just that I don't show people that side of me. But I thought it was obvious that I had to work hard, so I didn't see the point in showing that.
Chisato: Which is most likely why they thought the way they did. Can't really blame them.
Chisato: And that's when I realized, I hardly talk to the girls of Pastel＊Palettes about how I really feel.
Chisato: So I decided to take them all for tea. I wanted them to learn more about me.
Chisato: We had such a good time. I finally told them about my personal life... But time flies when you're having fun, huh?
Chisato: I think that was the first time we all sat down to have a real conversation.
Chisato: Actually, I was kinda nervous. I didn't know what they would think when they saw the real me...
Chisato: But they all accepted me for who I am.
Chisato: That made me really happy. It's so nice to have friends that you can open up to.
Chisato: Now I want to be able to sit down and chat with each and every one of them, so that I can learn everything.
Chisato: Besides, there's more I'd like for them to know about me, and there are things I'd like to ask them as well.
Chisato: ... You think I've changed? Yeah, I even surprised myself.
Chisato: I'm excited to see how my relationships grow with all of them.
Chisato: Of course, I'm not really used to this whole "being open" thing, so it's not like I'm gonna just say everything that comes to mind, but...
Chisato: I want them to get to know me, little by little.
Chisato: That way, we can get closer. Small steps at a time.
Chisato: But I don't think I'm too far off from feeling completely comfortable with them.
Chisato: I wonder what I'll be telling them when that time comes... Fufu, I'd love to know.
Chisato: Lately, I've been feeling like being with Pastel＊Palettes is where I belong.
Chisato: And I want to be able to say that with confidence, so we all need to become even closer.
Chisato: I hope to be able to make my personal life and my life with Pastel＊Palettes as fulfilling as possible.
Chisato: And I'll be working extra hard so you can see that I'm trying my best too. I hope I can count on your support.
Dog: Woof!
Chisato: Ahh, sorry. It's almost dinner time.
Chisato: Okay, I'm gonna head home. If you're ever free, let's do this again sometime.
