193_Chisato Shirasagi_R3 She Whom We Call Juliet

<My Name>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Culture Festival]

Chisato: ... Alright. Now that the show is over and I've said hello to everyon- Ah, Kaoru!
Kaoru: Hey, Chii-cha- Chisato. Is all well?
Chisato: Would you like to walk around the festival? I'm sure you're free, right?
Kaoru: I am the one who decides whether or not I'm free... However, for you, my self-centered princes-
Chisato: Thanks♪ Alright, let's have a look. We can start with the booths outside.
(Black cut)
Chisato: Haneoka's Culture Festival is amazing. I'm surprised by just how much is going on... Ah! Kaoru, look! They have cotton candy. Looks tasty♪
Kaoru: Indeed. Delectable, I'd say. Why don't we purchase two, then? Pardon me, two cotton candies if you wil-
Student A: Whoa! It's Sh-Shirasagi-san! And Seta-san...!
Kaoru: Greetings. I'd like two cotton candies, for the princess.
Chisato: Ah, you like cotton candy too, right? Kao-cha-
Kaoru: Hah, hahhaha! Oh, to have a taste for cotton candy! Your palette is quite childlike, Chisato! Fufu, just another endearing trait!
Chisato: Fufu♪ Yes, of course. Very childlike. Alright, come on, Kaoru. Thanks for the cotton candy.
Student A: Thank you for your purchase! ... Man, Chisato Shirasagi is a lot more full of energy than I expected.
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Chii-chan... Uhm, do you mind holding off on the "Kao-chan" thing while we're around other people...? If it's just us, that's fine but... please...
Chisato: I'm sorry. It must be the vibes around us making me feel all festive.
Kaoru: I mean, it's nice that you're having fun, but still...
Chisato: Ah, ring toss! I wonder what kind of prizes they have. Come on♪
(Black cut)
Chisato: The shooting gallery is next!
(Black cut)
Chisato: Next up we have... an arts and crafts booth? They have everything here.
(Black cut)
Chisato: Ahh, that was fun♪ This is the first time I've walked around a Culture Festival like this.
Kaoru: Chii-chan... May I ask, what's with the change of heart? Normally, you'd don your disguise and make an effort to avoid others as much as possible.
Chisato: ... When I'm with you, I can be a version of Chisato Shirasagi who is not a performer or entertainer.
Kaoru: Chii-chan...
Chisato: Exactly. Right now, I'm "Chii-chan."
Chisato: At first, I felt fairly uncomfortable with this Chisato, but now I feel like I've gotten used to it. Kaoru, you really are a mystery
Kaoru: Ah, haha... Is that so?
Student B: Look, now's your chance! Go now!
Student C: B-but...! This is her personal time we're talking about...!
Chisato: Hm...?
Student B: She's looking this way! Go, go!
Student C: O-okay... Uhm! Excuse me...! Chisato Shirasagi-chan?
Chisato: Yes, that's me.
Student C: Uhh, uhm! I... Since I was little, I've been a big fan! I watched you when I was a kid! In The Elementary School Lawyer: Mako!
Chisato: Oh, the drama...
Student C: Yeah! After seeing that show, I become a fan. I was amazed that we were the same age.
Student C: I was so surprised to hear that you were playing in an idol band. But it's a new challenge you're taking on, so I wanted to give you all the support I could...
Chisato: ...
Student C: Pastel＊Palettes had a rough start, but you overcame it... And I thought, I knew Chisato-chan could do anything.
Student C: You take on so many challenges, and overcome anything that's thrown at you! And that's what I respect!
Chisato: ...!
Student C: Oh, uhh... Uhm, I'm sorry... I got carried away in my one-sided conversation...!
Chisato: No, it's fine. Hearing that made me happy... Thank you.
Student C: I'll be cheering you on! Good luck!!
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: Chii-chan, that's fantastic! What a lovely little fan.
Chisato: ... It seems I cannot become Juliet after all.
Kaoru: Huh? What exactly do you mean?
Chisato: I certainly don't like when people judge me based on my name... However, if there are people who support me in the same way as that fan...
Chisato: It'd be insulting to them for me to try and avoid being Chisato Shirasagi.
Kaoru: Chii-chan...
Chisato: No... My name is Chisato Shirasagi. It is because we call a rose by its name that it can have a lovely, wonderful scent. That is still what I believe.
Chisato: And I'd like to continue being a rose.
Kaoru: ... Fu, fufu... I see. How moving it is to gaze upon such beautiful, fleeting determination.
Chisato: ... Kaoru, did you understand a word I just said?
Kaoru: But of course. Basically, it's... You know... You know?
Chisato: ... Yes, I know.
Kaoru: Exactly... Chisato.


<The Color of a Rose>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: ... Even just looking at roses, there are so many types. They're all lovely.
Chisato: Yes, thank you.
Chisato: Yes, okay. See you again soon.
Chisato: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Chisato: Just now? I was taking a look at some flowers at that flower shop.
Chisato: Were you sneaking a peek at what I was doing? That's not right. Even idols should have personal time, you know...
Chisato: Fufu, I'm kidding. Sorry, just wanted to tease you a little.
Chisato: I was looking at the roses and thinking about how there are so many different ones.
Chisato: I wanted to see because the other day I was in a show that had a line regarding roses.
Chisato: Do you know about the Culture Festival they had at Haneoka? The theater club was doing a show for that, and they were nice enough to invite me as a guest performer.
Chisato: Apparently, the one who made the suggestion was Kaoru... Ah, she and I have been friends for a long time... I guess.
Chisato: And so, we performed Romeo and Juliet at the festival. She played Romeo. I played Juliet.
Chisato: This is one of Juliet's lines. Do you know it?
Chisato: What’s in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Chisato: Seems fitting for her as someone who couldn't love who she pleased due to her family name.
Chisato: ... But I believe that a rose is beautiful because it is called a rose. That's what a name is.
Chisato: My behavior reflects that of Chisato Shirasagi of Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: With one slip up, I could damage the band's name, as well as my own. And that would be a disappointment to the fans.
Chisato: Because of that, it's hard for me to understand how Juliet behaves without regard to her family name.
Chisato: How did I finally grasp the role of Juliet? Fufu, you want to know?
Chisato: ... I didn't really want to say it, but actually, it was because of Kaoru.
Chisato: When I'm with her, I'm not the me who's part of Pastel＊Palettes. I'm the longtime friend of Kaoru. Similar to how Juliet was able to love Romeo and not be bound by her name.
Chisato: And because I was a version of me not bound by my own name, I was able to play the role of Juliet.
Chisato: Now that I think about it, not being able to get past my own thoughts to play a role means I have a long way to go.
Chisato: And to think Kaoru was the one that helped me... Not that she seems to realize it in the least...
Chisato: ... Yes, I do. I still believe that a rose can be beautiful because it's called a rose.
Chisato: If I don't, I'd be turning my back on all of the fans who believe in the person they know as Chisato Shirasagi.
Chisato: I want to fulfill... No, I want to be the Chisato Shirasagi that exceeds expectations.
Chisato: I really sound like a professional...? Fufu. Well, of course.
Chisato: The industry has been my world ever since I was just a kid.
Chisato: What about the pressure that comes with trying to exceed expectations...?
Chisato: Kaoru actually said something similar.
Chisato: It'll be okay. This is not the Pastel*Palettes Chisato. It's not like I've lost grip of my true self.
Chisato: Being the Chisato that exceeds expectations is something I decided to be on my own.
Chisato: I face Pastel*Palettes and all it's members completely as myself as well.
Chisato: Keeping that in mind, I also think about what Chisato Shirasagi should do.
Chisato: I plan to continue creating a balance between my true self and Chisato Shirasagi. So please, don't worry.
Chisato: If I can't do that, then I can't be Chisato Shirasagi.
Chisato: Fufu, I have your support? Well thank you.
Chisato: ... By the way, {{userName}}-san. Which color rose do you think would be most appropriate for me?
Chisato: That was out of nowhere? Fufu, that's fine, no? I was just a bit curious.
Chisato: I just wanted to get an objective perspective on an image of me.
Chisato: Doesn't matter which color you choose. I'm not going to get angry... Don't be so frightened.
Chisato: ... A yellow rose, huh...? Fufu, thank you!
Chisato: Uhm... As told in the language of flowers, a yellow rose means... "lovely," "beautiful," "refreshing."
Chisato: I'm glad that you chose the color related to those words, {{userName}}-san.
Chisato: Now that you see I'm not upset, maybe you can relax now...
Chisato: Just kidding. I'll be doing my best to fulfill those expectations...
Chisato: The expectations of a yellow rose... I'll do everything I can.
