384_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Sleepover

Gacha phrase: ... Typical Hina-chan. You never cease to amaze me.

<What's a Genius?>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Chisato: Oh, Aya-chan. You're still here?
Aya: Hmm... I see...
Chisato: ... Hello? Anyone in there?
Aya: ... Wah! S-sorry! I didn't see you!
Chisato: You did seem pretty focused. What were you doing just now?
Aya: Well, I was checking this out...
Chisato: ... Aya-chan... You were looking yourself up online again...
Aya: Y-yeah... I'm only gonna look for a few more minutes though...
Chisato: The last time you said that you spent two hours doing this, didn't you?
Aya: Ngh... B-but... we just had our first event, right? I thought it'd be a good idea to read a bit to see if there was anything I could improve upon...
Chisato: ... And I think that's very admirable, but you also shouldn't let other people's opinions of you affect you too much. It's important to be yourself.
Aya: Y-yeah! I'll be careful!
Chisato: So, what is everyone saying about you?
Aya: Ehehe~. Listen to this! Sounds like everyone was happy to meet me! What a relief~.
Chisato: Is that so? Well that's good... Oh, and what did they think about me?
Aya: The responses you're getting are amazing, Chisato-chan! Check this out!
Aya: "Chisato-chan noticed the accessory I picked out to meet her! I could die of happiness~!"
Aya: "She praised the outfit I bought specially for the meet-and-greet. I'm pretty sure my face went bright red!"
Aya: Everyone's pleased about you noticing those little details!
Chisato: Oh? That's nice to hear. These people go through the trouble of coming to see us...
Chisato: When they leave, I want them to be glad that they came.
Aya: Amazing as always, Chisato-chan! I should follow your example and do the same thing!
Chisato: Fufu. Aya-chan, you have to learn how to talk without getting nervous first.
Aya: Ohh~. I'll try even harder next time!
Aya: You know, Chisato-chan, I'd say you're a genius when it comes to being mindful and considerate! Like the way you're able to notice such minute details and comment on them the way you do...!
Chisato: A genius, huh...?
Chisato: (You're wrong, Aya-chan... Being a genius... is a far lonelier experience...)
Aya: What's wrong, Chisato-chan? Is it something I said...?
Chisato: ... I wonder, what exactly is a 'genius'?
Aya: Hmm... Now that you mention it, that's a pretty hard question.
Chisato: What does the word mean to you, Aya-chan?
Aya: Uhm, let's see~... I guess it means someone who can do something better than anyone else!
Chisato: Alright, then what's the difference between a genius and being skilled?
Aya: Huh?! How am I suppose to answer a question like that~...?!
Aya: Uhh... I guess a skilled person can also do something better than anyone else, but...
Aya: In their case, I get the feeling that their abilities are the result of a lot of hard work and effort.
Chisato: Agreed. I have a similar image.
Aya: I'm sure geniuses work hard too, but I think they start with special skills and a feel for things that other people don't have! Like~... Oh! Like Hina-chan!
Chisato: ... Yes, Hina-chan certainly is a genius.
Chisato: (Hina-chan and Kaoru... Yeah, there's definitely always been special something about them. But then, what does that make me...?)
Aya: Ah, but from my point of view, everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is a genius!
Chisato: ... Hm? What do you mean?
Aya: Well, like how thoughtful you are, Chisato-chan! I think you're really good at being able to sense what people want or need just by looking at them!
Aya: You can't just learn that, no matter how hard you try. So to me, you're a genius when it comes to being attentive!
Aya: And the same thing goes for everyone else! You all have skills I don't have, and that's amazing!
Chisato: I see. That is another way to think about it...
Chisato: (Watching Hina-chan, I always felt like being a genius was completely unobtainable for me, but...)
Chisato: ... Fufu.
Aya: H-huh?! Chisato-chan, d-did I say something weird again?!
Chisato: No, that just put me in a good mood. Thank you, Aya-chan.
Aya: O-oh. Well, I'm glad I could help!
Aya: Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is so talented. I need to work hard if I want to keep up!
Chisato: Fufu. You said everyone else in Pastel＊Palettes is a genius...
Chisato: But I think that includes you. You're definitely a genius when it comes to doing your best.
Aya: Ehehe, you think so? Thanks!
Aya: ... Wait, was that a compliment?! It kinda sounds like you're teasing me...
Chisato: Hm? Trust me, it was a compliment. At least this time.


<An Average Person's Thoughts>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Chisato: Ah, good morning, {{userName}}-san.
Chisato: Hm? Oh, I'm just checking the news sites.
Chisato: That's right. There was a Pastel＊Palettes release event the other day. We had a meet-and-greet.
Chisato: Someone wrote an article about the event, and I thought it might be useful for next time to read through our fans' thoughts and opinions.
Chisato: Yes, the event was a total success. Everyone who attended had a good time...
Chisato: But... Hina-chan has me wondering about something.
Chisato: I remember being at the meet-and-greet and thinking to myself, "She really is a genius."
Chisato: Hm? You want to know more? Well, it was something Hina-chan said. She told me she doesn't understand how other people think.
Chisato: Being a genius prevents her from understanding others, simply because they're not geniuses.
Chisato: On top of that, the people she interacts with are unable to wrap their heads around her.
Chisato: What... must that feel like? The life of a genius... Hina-chan's life and everything she's going through may be even more incredible than I thought.
Chisato: ... She doesn't seem to be aware of it at all, though.
Chisato: After talking with her and hearing what she had to say, I was sure I don't have what it takes to be a genius.
Chisato: Of course, that's a fairly ordinary thought to have, isn't it?
Chisato: You think so too, {{userName}}-san? Fufu, I'm glad to know someone understands how I feel.
Chisato: Someone expressing the same feeling as you is sometimes enough to make your existence feel validated, you know?
Chisato: Though, again, that's another thing your average person would say.
Chisato: ... However...
Chisato: I feel like only wanting to associate with those who understand and empathize with you means being too dependent on others.
Chisato: When I first joined Pastel＊Palettes, Aya-chan really confused me.
Chisato: I couldn't see how anyone's sincerity could be so extreme. Extreme to a fault, that is.
Chisato: But as we performed and did other things together, I slowly came to understand her.
Chisato: And I had the same thought, yet again... The way Aya-chan and I think about things is completely at odds.
Chisato: However, I learned to recognize that that's just another way of thinking, and in turn, came to accept Aya-chan for who she is.
Chisato: That's how I know there is meaning in interacting with people who don't get you or who don't share the same feelings and thoughts as you.
Chisato: And maybe there will be disagreements, and sometimes even arguments, but I'm sure those moments are valuable too.
Chisato: Hina-chan said something similar. That talking with others who don't feel or think the same as you is fun.
Chisato: I want to do the same as her and interact with different types of people, so that I can work on growing as a person.
Chisato: ... I'm sorry. I've taken up so much of your time.
Chisato: But I think you've helped me see what I need to do from here on out. Thank you for listening to me, {{userName}}-san.
