500_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Moment in the Sun

Gacha phrase: Yes, it must be fate that brought us here after all.

<Sharing Memories>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Hm-hm-hm-hm-hmm~♪
Chisato: Oh my, Aya-chan. You seem to be in high spirits.
Aya: Ah, Chisato-chan! Hehe, have a look at this!
Chisato: You mean your phone? I'm assuming this is your social media account?
Aya: It sure is. The pictures I took at the café the other day have gotten a ton of comments!
Chisato: Fufu, that explains how happy you seem.
Hina: Who did what now? You two went somewhere?
Aya: Yeah! A new café that just opened up recently!
Chisato: It wasn't as planned as it sounds though. A series of events led to us going together.
Maya: It was that hectic, huh?
Chisato: Yes, it's a bit of a long story, but...
(Black cut)
Hina: Wowie, I didn't know that kind of café opened up around here~!
Chisato: It certainly lived up to the glowing reviews it's been receiving. I do believe I have a photo of the interior... Yes, here it is.
Hina: Whoa-ho! That window is shaped like a cat~! Awesome~!
Eve: The sugar pot resembles a tiny bird! How precious!
Maya: So the decoration follows an animal theme, does it? Yes, yes. You can feel the craftsman's commitment shining through.
Chisato: And the photos of the latte art are... here. The foam just pops up straight from the cup, does it not?
Hina: It's a big lump of fluffiness! Whoa! What's this supposed to be? A dog?
Aya: It was a golden retriever, right? I think that's what Chisato-chan requested.
Chisato: Correct. And it came out even more adorable than I had anticipated.
Eve: It's amazing they can accomplish such a feat! Do you think they could perhaps craft me a milky samurai?
Maya: A s-samurai...? I believe that café specializes in animal-based art, but who knows?
Hina: Fine, why not just make it a squirrel samurai, then?
Maya: Uhm, I'm not sure what that's supposed to mean...
Aya: As for me, I'd like a cat holding a microphone~.
Hina: I guess I would get a bear holding a guitar.
Maya: I assume drums would be impossible~...
Chisato: Aren't all of these ideas a bit too difficult for latte art?
Hina: Your little blunder was kind of surprising, Chisato-chan. Getting on the wrong train and all that.
Chisato: I'm not so great with riding trains... But just so you know, it wasn't all bad.
(Black cut)
Hina: A handicrafts event... Did they sell stuff like clothes and accessories?
Aya: Yeah! And there were a bunch of other stores too! The entire thing was really fun!
Chisato: One particular place of interest was a shop that sold traditional Japanese goods like netsuke and kanzashi. Eve-chan, I so wanted to show them to you.
Eve: A store which expresses the true heart of Japan! I wish I could have been there to see it!
Chisato: For you, Maya-chan, there was a place selling glasses that would've suited you nicely.
Maya: They even had a vendor for glasses?! Gosh, you weren't lying when you said they had a wide variety.
Chisato: Yes, simply walking up and down the event grounds made for a fun experience.
Chisato: Before I forget, please accept these souvenirs.
Aya: Key chains? Wow, they're so cute! Each one is shaped like a flower!
Maya: That's a nice assortment you got there. Wait, these colors...
Chisato: Yeah, each one corresponds with our member color. Pink for Aya, and yellow for myself...
Chisato: Thankfully, they had all five, so I thought they would make for fine gifts.
Eve: And lovely they are! Thank you very much!
Hina: Yeah! These key chains are really somethin' else!  Now I'm really boppin'♪
Maya: Sounds like you had a great time. I'd also like to go someday.
Chisato: Yeah, we should all go together next time. I'm certain there will be something for all of us to enjoy.


<Chisato's Stroll>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Riverside]

Chisato: Good afternoon, {{userName}}-san. Another day on the job? Try not to work too hard, okay?
Chisato: Myself? Yes, I've been toiling away since this morning. Now I finally have some free time.
Chisato: With weather this wonderful, I just couldn't help taking a walk and enjoying that beautiful sky.
Chisato: I was reminded of an amusing conversation Kanon and I shared the other day while gazing at the clouds.
Chisato: She claimed to see a few that were shaped like jellyfish and giraffes... Fufu, that's exactly the kind of thing I expect from her.
Chisato: Kanon's interesting view of the world around her is so charming. And yet, I also envy her...
Chisato: It's not a quality that I, myself, possess.
Chisato: When I look up at the sky, all I see is... sky. I may believe it's pretty, but I lack the sort of imagination to do as Kanon does.
Chisato: Through her, I gain a chance to discover a sort of wonder that I normally would never notice.
Chisato: And that's why I find spending time with Kanon to be so comforting.
Chisato: That day we spent together was no different.
Chisato: After hearing of a new café that opened up two stations from here, we decided to go see it for ourselves.
Chisato: However, the problems kept piling up one after another... and after boarding the wrong train, we wound up three stops away. That's when we decided to walk to the café.
Chisato: Hm? That sort of mistake is... uncharacteristic of me?
Chisato: Well, I'm actually not that great with trains... I'm not used to riding them, unfortunately...
Chisato: Kanon was with me every step of the way, though, which made for a delightful day in spite of the mishaps.
Chisato: On the way there, we came across an event in a nearby park and decided to stop for a bit of shopping...
Chisato: Afterward, we bought and enjoyed some soft-serve ice cream while idly gazing up at the sky.
Chisato: Yes, that's when we had our little talk about clouds.
Chisato: Kanon tends to think of those moments simply as spacing out, but...
Chisato: That girl's carefree mind is something very precious to me.
Chisato: Time seems to slow to a relaxed, leisurely pace when she is around. I feel completely at ease. Not a care in the world.
Chisato: If I were alone, my mind would have been focused on fixing my mistake. I don't think I would've even had the chance to enjoy a detour.
Chisato: When I think about it that way, I really do believe that I learn a lot from Kanon.
Chisato: I also wonder if I have anything to offer her in return...
Chisato: Huh? You're saying... that I do?
Chisato: Fufu, thank you very much. Sorry, I didn't mean to sound like I was fishing for a compliment or anything.
Chisato: Kanon is always willing to accept me for who I am, and she's a dear friend to me. So it would be nice if her thoughts coincide with yours.
Chisato: Please accept my apologies for holding you up during your busy work schedule.
Chisato: Yes, I would love to speak again sometime soon. Please take care.
