507_Chisato Shirasagi_R3 Idol Witch

<A Drawing Session>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Hina: Ahaha! Rewind it to that part again~! The surprised look on Aya-chan's face is priceless~!
Aya: Hmph, Hina-chan! Stop laughing at me~! I was terrified when we couldn't open the door!
Eve: She's right. Finding out we were trapped in that room was pretty scary.
Chisato: But those kinds of reactions are important to keep things fresh. Just because we knew it was a TV show doesn't mean we needed to forego being natural.
Chisato: Anyway, why don't we watch it one time through? We can identify the areas where we can improve and do a better job next time.
Hina: Hmm? ... Okay~.
Maya: Oh! This next part is awesome! This is the part where Hina-san quickly drew up the portrait of the jack-o'-lantern? You were a real artist there!
Hina: Right~?! For the little time I had, I think I did a spectacular job!
Aya: Mhm! I thought so, too! Hina-chan, you're really great at drawing!
Maya: I think I'm good when it comes to diagrams, but I'm not great at drawing anything else.
Aya: Me neither. Would you be able to give us some pointers on how to draw better?
Hina: Pointers? Well, I think about what I want to draw in my head. And then I just go whoosh and then whee, and it usually comes out how I want it!
Aya: ... 'Whoosh' and then 'whee', huh? That's exactly the type of answer I'd expect from you.
Hina: I got an idea! Why don't we all do a drawing contest right now?! I'll decide the theme and you guys draw it!
Chisato: A-a drawing contest?!
Hina: Yeah~! And I'll be the judge!
Chisato: Hina-chan, we're going through the footage of the program right now. That's what we're here to do, remember?
Hina: Huh~? Well, why don't we take a short break~?!
Eve: Chisato-san, we could all use a rest~! Let's take a break!
Chisato: O-okay, fine. But go easy on us and don't pick something too hard.
Hina: Let me think, the first subject will be... I got it! It'll be a jack-o'-lantern!
Maya: We did see a lot of them when we were filming. I think I'll be able to handle this one!
Aya: Okay, but I'm not gonna lose to you~!
Chisato: (Well, this isn't good...  I remember the shape of a jack-o'-lantern,  but I'm not sure if I can actually draw one...)
(Black cut)
Hina: Everyone done? On my count, show your drawing!
Hina: One.. two... ... Huh?
Chisato: ...
Hina: Chisato-chan... What is this?
Chisato: It's what you decided we should draw...
Aya, Eve & Maya: ...
Aya: Th-that might have been a little too hard for all of us~! See, I didn't do a very good job either! Hina-chan, why don't you pick something a little easier~?!
Hina: Hmm, you think? But your drawing was quite good, Aya-chan-
Aya: E-enough about my drawing! Next, please!
Hina: Hmmm... Okay, then! A ghost! That should be easy right?
Chisato: ... Sure... Easy...
(Black cut)
Hina: Time's up! Here we go again! On my count, okay~?
Hina: One.. two...!
Aya, Eve & Maya: ...?!
Hina: Chisato-chan, the ghost you drew is awesome! Everyone, look at it!! It's amazing and super realistic!
Eve: I-I think it's a little scary...!
Maya: Th-the drawing certainly is unique!
Chisato: Uhm, err... Thanks, I guess...
Hina: Ahaha!! This is seriously spectacular! Let's see, these must be the eyes here. And is this a hand? What is even going on in this drawing?
Chisato: Hina-chan, please. Can we stop now?
Aya: Y-yeah. We've taken a long enough break. We should get back to reviewing the recording!
Hina: Is this pointy thing a horn?  Hmm, but it also kinda looks like a hand. Chisato-chan, explain your artwork to me!
Chisato: No can do. Now let's get back to our original program. Come on, Hina-chan, the video is starting up again!


<A Fun Job>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Chisato: Ah,  {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Chisato: Oh, sorry. I was looking at my phone and didn't notice you there.
Chisato: I see you're on the job again today. Thank you for all your hard work.
Chisato: What am I doing here? I'm just trying to gather some information about what people thought of our Halloween special.
Chisato: It seems like my fans have posted a lot about what they thought of the show.
Chisato: ... Did you by chance watch it too?
Chisato: Fufu, thank you very much♪
Chisato: In the show, Maya-chan was actually the mastermind behind it all, but she also guided us through the stages.
Chisato: It's thanks to her that all our members were able to shine during the program.
Chisato: ... Yeah. I think the show turned out very well...
Chisato: What did you think about it, {{userName}}-san?
Chisato: If you've noticed anything, please let me know. Having the chance to hear the opinions of the audience is indispensable for our growth.
Chisato: ... Yeah. ... Huh?
Chisato: It... It looked like I was having a lot of fun? Is that so?
Chisato: Well, now that I think about it, I might have been during a few instances.
Chisato: If it were the old me, I would've just been thinking that we're on the job and not there to have fun. So I'd be focused on making sure everyone was following the plan.
Chisato: But now that I'm a member of Pastel＊Palettes...
Chisato: When I'm working alongside everyone else in the band... Hmm, that's right. It feels like I can actually relax and enjoy the work.
Chisato: Even though I was in the middle of filming, I could feel my shoulders loosen up, and I was able to smile and laugh naturally.
Chisato: That must be why it looked like I was having fun. It's because I actually was.
Chisato: ... And that makes it fun for the audience to watch too?
Chisato: Fufu, thank you so much for saying that. As part of the cast, I'm really glad to hear that.
Chisato: I suppose it makes sense though. If the people in the program don't look like they're having a good time, then naturally, the audience wouldn't find it entertaining, either.
Chisato: The fact that I sincerely enjoyed it means that I could convey that feeling to the audience as well.
Chisato: Thank you very much for helping me realize this. I think I discovered something really valuable.
Chisato: ... Ah! I'm sorry. Here I am going on and on while you're actually on the clock.
Chisato: We're scheduled to be filming at a different location soon.
Chisato: Please feel free to watch it when it airs, too.  And if you do end up watching it,  I'd love to hear your thoughts again♪
