584_Chisato Shirasagi_R3 A Model Idol

<Distracted>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kanon: Sorry I'm late, Chisato-chan! Did I keep you waiting long?
Chisato: No need to get all worked up. I only just arrived myself.
Kanon: Oh, okay. That's a relief~.
Chisato: ...
Kanon: Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Huh? ... Ah, I'm sorry. What did you say?
Kanon: Uhm... You're looking a tad under the weather today... so I was wondering if something was wrong...
Chisato: Thank you, but I'm fine.
Kanon: I'm willing to listen, if you don't mind sharing. ... If it's something you'd rather keep private, though, then that's okay too...
Kanon: Sharing your feelings with others can help to clear your head and might make you feel better...
Chisato: That's true. It's not the most interesting conversation, but I would be happy if you were to listen.
Chisato: Do you remember the other day when I told you about how Maya-chan was behaving strangely?
Kanon: Yes, I remember. You were very worried because she seemed down.
Chisato: Well, it turns out that... she was apparently struggling with being an idol.
Chisato: And I was the one who aggressively invited her to join Pastel＊Palettes, despite the fact that she was initially only supposed to fill a support role...
Chisato: So that's why...
Kanon: ... I think I get it. You see Maya-chan stressing out about being an idol, and you feel responsible for putting her in the situation in the first place.
Chisato: ... Yes.
Chisato: I'm the one who put the wheels in motion. Maya-chan is facing these difficulties now because I extended my hand to her on that day...
Chisato: ...
Kanon: Chisato-chan...
Chisato: If I'm at fault for what she's going through, then it's only right that I apologize. However, doing so won't remedy her predicament...
Chisato: If I were to ask for forgiveness, Maya-chan would certainly grant it. However, there's no point in apologizing simply to be forgiven, is there?
Chisato: All I can do for now is silently watch over her from afar. That's the same thing I told the rest of Pastel＊Palettes...
Chisato: But all I can think about is how there must be something I can do to help Maya-chan in her time of need.
Kanon: Being so concerned about your fellow group member isn't a bad thing, in my opinion.
Kanon: You think that way because you're such a nice person.
Chisato: I wouldn't say that. But thank you, Kanon.
Chisato: With my mind drifting in that direction, I felt the weight of uncertainty crash down upon me.
Chisato: I apologize for bringing this up on our day together. Let's put that aside for now and order some nice treats.
Kanon: Chisato-chan... I... uhm... I'm not entirely sure, but... I doubt that Maya-chan has any regrets about joining the band.
Kanon: It's true that you gave the initial invitation, but she thought long and hard when deciding to become an idol.
Kanon: If she didn't, she wouldn't be having so much fun when she hits those drums. She wouldn't be able to create the sound of someone who wants to support her team.
Kanon: Of course, that's just my impression. I don't have the kind of knowledge or expertise that Maya-chan has though.
Chisato: Being a fellow drummer yourself, I think your understanding of the sound of her music is likely spot-on.
Kanon: Everything I just said probably made me sound like a know-it-all... A-anyway, what I'm trying to say is...
Kanon: Maya-chan is the one who decided to become an idol, and I think putting faith in that choice is one way of helping her.
Kanon: Being unable to do anything is probably painful... but that's no reason to go blaming yourself.
Chisato: Kanon... Thank you. Maya-chan is the one having a hard time. I shouldn't be here whining.
Kanon: There's nothing wrong with what you're doing. You're asking for advice like I always do with you.
Chisato: Thank you... And I think you're right, Kanon.
Chisato: I'm responsible for providing Maya-chan the opportunity to join Pastel＊Palettes and become an idol.
Chisato: Even now, a part of me wishes to apologize for pushing such an aggressive invitation on her. If that day comes, I believe this is what I would tell her...
Chisato: Please accept my apology for being so forceful. However, I have no regrets. Extending an invitation on that day was, without a doubt, the correct decision.
Chisato: After all, Maya-chan is an absolutely essential part of Pastel＊Palettes.
Kanon: Don't worry. The day when you can tell her that will definitely come.
Chisato: Thank you... Oh my, this conversation has dragged on for some time. Let's order our food now.
Kanon: Sure! I've been looking forward to trying their new cakes!
Chisato: As have I. And there is quite the selection... I suggest that we order different items and share them.
Kanon: You don't mind? Thanks, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: No, I should be thanking you. And once our food has arrived, it will be my turn to do the listening.
Kanon: Okay!


<To Be Aware>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: Good morning, {{userName}}-san, Marina-san. Do you two have plans to go out today?
Marina: Hello, Chisato-chan! We're on our way back from an event meeting. How about yourself?
Chisato: Today is my day off, so I'm thinking about going shopping.
Marina: I see, I see. Considering how busy you typically are, spending some leisure time on a bit of shopping does sound nice.
Chisato: I agree. Though I should clarify that I won't be buying new clothes or anything of that sort.
Chisato: I own a dog, you see, but the poor thing's toy is broken, so I would like to see about purchasing a new one.
Chisato: And since there's a bookstore in the shopping mall, I plan to look for a magazine that I'm interested in reading.
Marina: Ah! Speaking of magazines, I heard that Maya-chan recently started her own column! I checked it out as soon as I could!
Marina: She's so talented! Her explanations of equipment and other areas are detailed and easy to follow, and even I find myself learning stuff when I read them.
Chisato: Maya-chan will be thrilled to hear that from you, Marina-san.
Chisato: Especially with the stress that came with doing the column. It was a lot for her to deal with.
Marina: Are you maybe referring to coming up with content for it?
Chisato: Well, not quite... It has more to do with her role as an idol, I would say.
Chisato: It's an issue that she has apparently been contemplating for a while now, but this column only helped to further compound her fears.
Chisato: Of course, she overcame the ordeal and found her own unique solution.
Marina: You don't say... I honestly never noticed.
Chisato: Neither did I. As a member of Pastel＊Palettes, it's something I shouldn't have missed after spending so much time with her...
Chisato: Being the sweet soul that she is, Maya-chan most likely kept it all bottled up as a way to prevent the rest of us from worrying.
Chisato: Knowing she's that kind of person is precisely what makes the whole situation painful to think about.
Chisato: It's all behind us now, in any case, so I believe the next step is to think about what we need to do going forward and to continue doing our best.
Chisato: Because we can't afford to leave anyone behind. Not if we want to keep calling ourselves Pastel＊Palettes.
Marina: I see what you're saying... This is only a guess on my part, but I'd wager that the other members feel the exact same way that you do, Chisato-chan.
Marina: Whether it be pain or joy, you can experience it all together. That's the real beauty behind having such close friends. And don't forget that we're both rooting you on, too!
Chisato: I won't. Thank you very much!
Marina: Say, do you think that Maya-chan could maybe mention us in her column?
Marina: Keep an eye out for the live house that's all the rage, CiRCLE! ... Just kidding.
Chisato: Fufu, who knows? Maya-chan has been given full control of what appears in the column, so it's ultimately up to her.
Marina: We totally wouldn't mind if she did, you know~. I hope you're listening, Maya-chan!
Chisato: Fufu. Don't worry, I'll make sure your request is heard.
