610_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Brimming with Light

Gacha phrase: It should be enough that it makes the people you cherish happy.

<Unending Reciprocation>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Event Hall - Live Stage]

Chisato: Thank you very much for coming, everyone! That's all from...
All: Pastel＊Palettes~!
Aya: Until next time~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Aya: Great job, everyone! The entire venue was having the time of their lives!
Eve: Indeed! The voices of our dear audience could be heard all the way up on stage!
Maya: I could hear them as well! Playing a percussion instrument means being surrounded by loud noises, but the crowd was somehow able to drown that out with their cheering!
Aya: They totally did! It felt less like we were creating the hype and more like the crowd was lifting us up!
Aya: At that moment... it felt like anything was possible as long as we were on that stage! That we could do anything!
Hina: You say that, but I remember you messing up your lines during the talking segments.
Aya: Ngh... D-don't remind me~.
Chisato: Don't worry. In a way, that's yet another important part of what people have come to expect from our performances.
Aya: No~, I'll pass on those expectations~...
Chisato: Well, this White-Day Concert went quite well, so I think that's cause to celebrate.
Maya: And speaking of the holiday, you could say we received many return gifts from the audience!
Hina: Hm? Return gifts? Wait, did we give the fans something on Valentine's Day?
Chisato: We did have some work related to Valentine's Day, but...
Aya: I'm not sure if any of that involved handing out chocolates or anything like that, though.
Maya: True. When you think about it, you might say we're the ones who were the initial recipients. We were given the gift of support!
Eve: That simply will not do! For us to receive so much but give back so little would be negligent towards our precious fans!
Aya: Hm, I think Eve-chan has a point there...
Maya: Even so, our concert is already over...
Eve: In that case, I propose that we hold another concert. One where we show our loyal fans how grateful we truly are!
Hina: If we do that, won't it be a repeat of today? We'll end up getting lots of stuff from our fans again.
Eve: Oh dear... Hmm, what to do...? The gift-giving will continue back and forth and will continue on forever!
Chisato: A never-ending gift exchange... Fufu.
Aya: What's so funny, Chisato-chan? Why are you giggling?
Chisato: Ah, my apologies. It wasn't directed at Eve-chan.
Chisato: I bumped into Tae-chan and a few others on my day off and discussed White Day with them.
Chisato: And we had a conversation similar to what Eve-chan said about giving gifts back and forth without end.
Aya: A lot of girls end up giving Valentine's chocolates to one another, so I could see that becoming a cycle.
Chisato: And still, the others who were with us all came up with nice ideas for their return gifts.
Chisato: Speaking of which, there's a question I would like to ask all of you. If  you had a day off with nothing planned, what would you do?
Aya: That came out of nowhere... Let's see, on a day off like that... I wonder what I'd do~.
Eve: I know! In order to help further my understanding of bushido, I would like to go to the filming of a period drama and study its contents!
Chisato: You really are the studious type, Eve-chan. If you were to discuss that with the staff, I'm certain they would allow you to go.
Eve: Do you think so?! I'll be sure to ask!
Maya: I would probably take a stroll around the electronics district~. I haven't had time to go recently because of our busy schedule.
Chisato: That sounds like something you'd do. If you dig up anything notable, please do tell me about it.
Maya: Absolutely! If I find anything, I'll send you some photos!
Hina: As for me, I think I'd burn some nice aroma oils and spend the day lazing about in my room.
Chisato: By the way, I very much enjoyed that one aroma you told me about before. It works well as a way to relax.
Hina: I know, right? There are all kinds to choose from, like crispy, refreshing ones and fluffy, cloudy ones. I'll bring some with me next time.
Chisato: Thank you, I can't wait to try them. And how would you spend your day, Aya-chan?
Aya: I'm not sure... Maybe I'd go check out the latest spring fashion or stop by a popular theme park...
Aya: Ah, but I had probably better go over the script for our next gig... I don't want to embarrass myself like I did today...
Aya: Ohhh... Thinking about all the things I want to do only makes it harder to decide~!
Chisato: I'm exactly like you in that I can't decide, but for the opposite reason.
Chisato: I had absolutely nothing planned for the day off that I mentioned before... but I couldn't decide on what to do. I had no idea how to spend my time.
Chisato: After running into Tae-chan and the others, we more or less came up with a plan, but... I feel like my day would have been wasted were it up to me.
Aya: I never would've guessed. You seem like the kind of person who has all sorts of things to do on their days off.
Chisato: They helped me turn it into a... decent vacation day, I suppose? It wasn't a day that felt wasted, that's for certain.
Maya: And so you spent the day with Tae-san and the others doing things related to White Day?
Chisato: I suppose so. In the end, however, I didn't come up with any return-gift ideas while I was with them, so I spent some alone time thinking it over.
Chisato: And so, while they're nothing special, please accept these presents...
Eve: Wow! What adorable wrapping! I recognize this fragrance... Is it flavored tea?
Chisato: Correct, Eve-chan! I thought since we're going to be together on White Day that something like this might be nice.
Chisato: And I know that we just talked about how this can lead to an endless back-and-forth of return gifts, but...
Chisato: "I simply wish to give unto others..." I don't see the problem with trying to keep that feeling alive.
Hina: It's rare to hear something like that from you, Chisato-chan. You taking part in these kinds of events isn't exactly common, either.
Maya: Is this because something nice happened to you on your day off?
Chisato: Fufu, who can say?
Aya: Mmm, these tea leaves smell great... I bet they would go well with these snacks we got as a gift! Let's all have some!
Chisato: I'm glad that you like them, but do avoid using it as an excuse to pig out.
Aya: I-I know! I wasn't planning to...
Hina, Eve & Maya: Hahaha! Fufu! Fufu.


<Unlike Me>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[School Path]

Chisato: Happy White Day, {{userName}}-san.
Chisato: Although, I suppose March 14th has already come and gone.
Chisato: Did I surprise you? Fufu, receiving a holiday greeting on the wrong day would likely startle anyone.
Chisato: Tae-chan put me through the exact same thing the other day.
Chisato: It was my day off from work, but I didn't have any plans, so I took a walk around town. That's when I happened across Tae-chan.
Chisato: Then, without warning, she wished me a happy White Day. Exactly as I did with you.
Chisato: When I asked her what she meant, she claimed it was a white day because having no plans made it a blank "white" day on the calendar. Interesting, don't you think?
Chisato: We ended up spending the rest of the day together, and... I would like to say that Tae-chan is a very mysterious individual.
Chisato: I'm not sure if it's her way of thinking or some sort of special vibe she gives off, but there wasn't a dull moment with her. Quite the opposite, in fact.
Chisato: Yes, Tae-chan was not the only one there that day. Kokoro-chan, Ako-chan, and Tsugumi-chan were present, as well.
Chisato: And none of it was planned, but that's what made it so refreshing.
Chisato: We did a bit of shopping together, and then I tried a crane game for the first time.
Chisato: Eventually, we made our way to the amusement park where a lovely white-light display was set up for us.
Chisato: Fufu, anyone would be confused by that story. Every word of it was true, I assure you.
Chisato: Without Tae-chan, I really believe that I would not have been able to spend that time with everyone.
Chisato: How can I put it...? Tae-chan's mysterious nature is what helped draw all of us together.
Chisato: However, I don't think Tae-chan herself realizes that. If anything, the fact that it's so natural for her to be that way is why I find her mysterious...
Chisato: Perhaps that could be seen as part of her charm. A magnetism around which people gather.
Chisato: And through that, great things can be accomplished when those groups are suddenly spurred into action.
Chisato: A part of me believes that Tae-chan really does have some manner of charisma... A kind of power over others.
Chisato: And it has likely affected many people, myself included.
Chisato: Can you see me normally wishing others a happy White Day?
Chisato: Having the urge to do things one normally wouldn't... If you look at it another way, that could be considered personal growth.
Chisato: As a way to apologize for startling you earlier... Here, please accept this.
Chisato: A set of flavored teas. Please help yourself to them at work or whenever you have spare time.
Chisato: Think nothing of it. It's the least I can do for all that you do for me. A thank-you gift, if you will.
Chisato: And so... I once again wish you a happy White Day, {{userName}}-san.
