672_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Overwhelmed

Gacha phrase: This isn't some dog or cat or something. It's a mole person.

<Movies and Theater>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Idol Agency]

Maya: O-oh... This is...
Eve: The script for the film...!
Hina: So they finally finished it~!
Aya: Our first time... starring in a movie...
Hina: Heh, and it's a story about helping a mole person, as expected~.
Maya: A lot of my lines are rather long... Now I feel a little worried...
Eve: There is so much dialogue here. I am not certain if I can remember it all...
Chisato: Don't worry, there is no need to memorize everything. Unlike theatrical plays, scenes in a movie are filmed separately.
Chisato: Of course, there is merit to memorizing the entire script. Filming will run more smoothly, and it improves the quality of one's performance.
Aya: Oh... That's good. I don't know what I would've done if I had to remember all this...
Chisato: However, being different from a play brings with it a unique set of challenges...
Maya: What do you mean by... unique challenges?
Chisato: As any given story progresses, so does a character's state of mind. This is true for both plays and films, is it not?
Eve: The protagonist initially lacks confidence, but by the end, they have become a refined samurai brimming with conviction! Like that?
Chisato: Yes, that is a good example. With plays, those mental and emotional changes occur gradually along with the dialogue...
Chisato: With films, however, the order of scenes is determined by factors such as weather and the condition of the actors.
Chisato: And in some extreme situations, the final scene of the movie is filmed first.
Hina: Wow. So in other words, there'll be times when it starts with a samurai but then goes back to when they weren't yet!
Aya: Whoa, trying to stay in character sounds difficult...! I'm not sure if I can do this~...!
Chisato: That's why one should devise their own way to carry those necessary emotions from scene to scene.
Eve: What an amazing idea, Chisato-san...! I did not think to do that!
Aya: You never realize this stuff when you're just watching the movies. It really does feel like we're on the other side of the screen now.
Maya: That is definitely a line of thought tailored to film... With theatrical plays, it's a fight to the finish from the moment the curtain rises.
Chisato: I hope this tidbit of advice from a seasoned actor can come in handy.
Eve: This conversation has proven to be most informative! Are there any other items that should be brought to our attention?
Chisato: Let's see... One thing is to avoid making overly dramatic actions or gestures.
Maya: The opposite would be true for plays, where I feel that grandiose behavior is typically preferred...
Chisato: When filming a movie, even the most subtle of gestures can be picked up by simply zooming in, yes? It's important for your performance to feel natural.
Maya: Interesting... Now I see how the two differ...
Aya: Just be natural... Okay. Be natural, be natural... All right, how was that?!
Hina: Hahaha, you're trying too hard, Aya-chan~! Your whole body is shaking~!
Aya: Huh, really?!
Eve: Being too conscious of your movements is not good, I imagine.
Chisato: Yes, it is better to act as you always do than to think too much about it and become awkward.
Chisato: ... Ah, I nearly forgot the most important piece of advice. And this applies to any performance, whether it be in film or in a play.
Eve: The most important advice... What is it?
Chisato: That you have the opportunity to come on a film set and act. And for that, you should be thankful and enjoy yourselves.
Maya: Yes, that applies to theatrical plays, as well.
Aya: Be thankful and enjoy yourself... Hm...
Chisato: Yes, your performance will certainly shine through if you do.
Chisato: ... And I may be able to give advice, but at the end of the day, when the cameras are on us, I'm an actor like the rest of you.
Chisato: I am counting on you all.
Aya: Okay!
Eve: Agreed! Let's work through this together!
Hina: Now I'm feeling hyped~! When are they gonna start filming?!
Maya: I hope to learn a lot about the movie-making process!
Chisato: Indeed. Let's keep our wits about us and have fun with it.
Aya, Hina, Maya & Eve: Yeah~!


<Even with Different Methods>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: Oh my, Marina-san. And {{userName}}-san. Hello. What a surprise meeting you here.
Marina: Fufu, I'll say. I heard you've been busy filming a movie. Are you off today?
Chisato: Yes. The filming has already ended, so things should be less hectic for a while.
Chisato: It would seem that you two already knew about the movie.
Marina: Of course. It's been a hot topic with the CiRCLE staff. Was it difficult for you?
Chisato: I would say so. While it was indeed challenging work... the end result was worth the effort.
Chisato: I was on my own during my past film appearances, but the other Pastel＊Palettes members were with me this time.
Chisato: The mood on set was good, and I think the others had fun with making a movie.
Marina: Oh, I see. One key element of making any good product is to have that kind of pleasant atmosphere I'm sure.
Chisato: Yes, and our director for this project placed a lot of emphasis on mood and atmosphere.
Chisato: Small mistakes were mostly ignored, and most of the focus was placed on what the actors could bring to the table.
Chisato: It was very fortunate that our group had that kind of director during their first time making a movie.
Chisato: There are some who stop shooting because they didn't like the pause between two particular lines.
Marina: Wow, just imagining it is nerve-wracking...
Chisato: Fufu, that's understandable. And yet, I believe that manner of directing is equally effective.
Chisato: Some directors let the actors take the lead and draw out good performances. Others create a similar result by driving the actors into a corner and pushing them to their limit...
Chisato: At the root of each style is a desire to produce the best possible film one can make.
Marina: I see. The only difference is how it's done, then.
Chisato: Yes, that is what I believe.
Chisato: Moreover, the priorities of the director and what they are striving to create...
Chisato: Those are also things that the actors must take into consideration.
Marina: I-I see. Wow, Chisato-chan. So that's how a pro thinks.
Chisato: Fufu, I suppose. I have been in the entertainment world since I was a child.
Chisato: I encourage both of you to see the film once it has been released.
Chisato: The plot has a somewhat fantasy element to it, but I think you will find it enjoyable.
Marina: As if I would miss seeing all the hard work Pastel＊Palettes put in. Can't wait to watch it for myself!
Chisato: Thank you very much. I'm looking forward to hearing your impressions of it.
