734_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Lighten Your Heart

Gacha phrase: Fufu, that's a good question. It's as if my reluctance just up and disappeared.

<Gratitude Towards Everyone>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Shopping Mall]

Kanon: Ah, this skirt is pretty cute... What do you think, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: What a cool, refreshing color. And the design itself is subtle. I think it would look wonderful on you, Kanon.
Kanon: Really? I wonder if I should buy it... I put in a lot of hours at my part-time job last month, so I have more than enough to pay for it, but...
Chisato: It's summer vacation, so I can understand wanting to save money for other plans you might have.
Chisato: Why don't we simply look around today and take note of any interesting items we find?
Chisato: That will give us time to hunt for what we really want later.
Chisato: And once we know what brands to look for, we can search their online shops to see similar products that may interest us.
Kanon: That's a great idea, Chisato-chan! U-uhhh... l-let's see... Okay, I found a pen and paper.
Kanon: Hehehe. Thank you, Chisato-chan. I couldn't have done all of this alone.
Chisato: I am glad that I could be of help. Now, where should we go next, Kanon?
Kanon: Good question... Ah, there's the swimsuit corner... Say, I remember you talking about how Pastel＊Palettes went to the beach a while back. How was it?
Chisato: We had an amazing time. It almost felt like a waste to only spend one day there.
Chisato: Then again, it is not as if we did anything special or even slightly out of the ordinary.
Kanon: Fufu, spending a normal day at the beach playing with friends seems like a good time to me.
Chisato: Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes has their own unique way of doing things. Time seems to fly by when we're all together.
Kanon: Hearing you talk about it like that is proof of how much fun you must have had.
Kanon: Honestly, you didn't seem too thrilled about going when you first mentioned the trip... so I was kind of worried.
Chisato: Yes... You weren't wrong in guessing that. I was overly concerned about work.
Chisato: However, thanks to the rest of the group, I was able to have such a memorable day in the end.
Chisato: Similar to what you said earlier, I am positive that I would have been bored had I been on my own...
Chisato: I have the others to thank for making our beach trip so exciting. Doing things with friends really does add a new layer of fun to the experience.
Chisato: Fufu, I apologize for rambling on about myself.
Kanon: It's okay, I really like listening to what you have to say.
Chisato: Thank you. Do you have any plans to spend time with the rest of your band?
Kanon: Not at the moment... Then again, Hello, Happy World! has a habit of doing things spontaneously...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan is usually the one who springs into action and brings us along for the ride, as opposed to the group making any actual plans.
Chisato: That is Kokoro-chan for you. Her enthusiasm is what forms the core of the band.
Chisato: In the past, I was very adamant about having an established plan and following it through...
Chisato: However, a small part of me has begun to think that acting on a whim and doing the unexpected is not such a bad way to spend time.
Kanon: Yeah, there are times when I feel like I'm being dragged around, but it's also exciting to see and do things that I never thought of.
Chisato: Fufu, perhaps we should extend our thanks to our respective comrades.
Kanon: Hehehe, yeah. I think you're right.
Kanon: Ah, I got a text... It's from Himari-chan. Hey, Chisato-chan... About tomorrow... Oh, actually...
Chisato: What about tomorrow?
Kanon: You see... Himari-chan just invited me to go to a tasty-looking cake buffet with her.
Kanon: So I thought that maybe you could come along, if you wanted...
Kanon: But then I remembered that you usually don't go to those kinds of places...
Chisato: True... I do like sweets, but buffets are a little much for me...
Kanon: I thought so... They do tend to encourage overeating.
Chisato: ... Then again, maybe it wouldn't hurt to act my age from time to time.
Kanon: You mean it? You should come along, then!
Chisato: Okay. I believe I am free tomorrow, but... I would feel bad for Aya-chan if I went alone.
Kanon: Oh, really? Did something happen with her?
Chisato: I was a little strict with her about how idols should do their best to avoid sweets. "Professionals have a responsibility to maintain a healthy figure."
Kanon: Fufu, then why not invite her to join us? The more, the merrier.
Chisato: True. She does have a day off tomorrow, so it should be fine, as long as she hasn't made other plans.
Kanon: Alright, I'll go ahead and let Himari-chan know what's going on. Fufu, I'm already excited to go.
Chisato: Not to mention... Fufu.
Kanon: ...?
Chisato: Aya-chan will be so surprised when she realizes I am actually inviting her to a cake buffet.
Kanon: Fufu, I doubt she will take you seriously at first.
Chisato: It will be amusing to see how she responds. Oh, what fun.


<What a Wonderful Memory>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Shopping Mall]

Chisato: Hm? Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Marina: Good afternoon, Chisato-chan. Doing some shopping? Or are you on the clock?
Chisato: Only shopping today. I have run out of hair-treatment products. I thought I might be able to find a good replacement.
Marina: A girl's hair is her life, after all. Yours is always so pretty, so I imagine you try to take good care of it.
Chisato: Yes, I try to look after my hair, both for personal and professional reasons.
Chisato: However... after having gone to the beach with the rest of Pastel＊Palettes, I'm afraid I have damaged it...
Marina: What?! Really? It seems fine to me...
Chisato: I believe the ends may have been slightly singed by the sun... They're normally not this bad.
Marina: Well, you are very particular about these sorts of things.
Chisato: As an idol, I am very aware that I am constantly being watched and observed.
Chisato: When we went to the beach, I was initially wary of causing any harm to my hair or skin.
Chisato: And getting sunburnt would have an effect on my job, of course...
Chisato: Yet, all of that worrying meant I was unable to properly enjoy my time there.
Chisato: That is when Aya-chan and the others made their utmost effort to include me and ensure that I could also have fun.
Chisato: Thanks to them, it turned out to be a most wonderful holiday.
Chisato: And in the end, it's true that I did some damage to my hair... but when compared to the lovely memories we made together, it somehow doesn't seem like that big of a deal...
Chisato: Although, I am still not used to having my priorities in such an order.
Marina: Hey, you've got to live while you're young! Act like the high-school student that you are!
Chisato: Like the student that I am... Fufu, you may be right. I feel that meeting everyone through my idol career has allowed me to make many memories that will last a lifetime.
Chisato: Memories that exist solely because of Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: And even putting that aside, I also feel that this beach trip was, for me, a very refreshing and unique experience.
Marina: As long as you're a member of Pastel＊Palettes, I bet you'll get to try all sorts of exciting new things.
Chisato: I don't doubt it. With them at my side, my narrow world will continue to expand, slowly but surely. Call it a hunch, I suppose.
Chisato: The more time I spend with them, the more sights and sounds I will be able to take in.
Chisato: I absolutely adore every minute that we are together.
Chisato: And no matter how we chose to spend that time, it will certainly be memorable.
Chisato: Fufu... I very much look forward to it.
