796_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 On the Move

Gacha phrase: I am here today because I wish to be.

<Chisato's Cafe Theory Part 1>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Filming Studio]

Chisato: Thank you for all your hard work today.
Photo Crew Member: We're the ones who should be saying that! Thank you very much for today!
Chisato: (This took longer than I thought. I'll have to hurry if I don't want to be late...)
Photo Crew Member: Ah, Shirasagi-san!
Chisato: Yes?
Photo Crew Member: Thank you for today. Uhm, are you free after this?
Photo Crew Member: Everyone wants to hang out now that the shoot is over. I know this is sudden, but would you like to join us?
Chisato: (I do remember hearing them talk about that in the dressing room. Everyone here seems very nice, so I certainly wouldn't mind. However...)
Chisato: Unfortunately, I do have another job after this.
Photo Crew Member: Could you stay for just a little while? We'd all love to talk with you more...
Chisato: I appreciate the offer, but... I'm very sorry. I have prior arrangements. You'll have to excuse me.
Chisato: I would love to participate next time though, so by all means, please ask. Now then, I'll be on my way.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Moca: Mmm~, scrumptious~. I could eat buns this delicious all day~.
Saya: Thanks. Anyway, we should probably get started soon.
Tsugumi: Yeah, but Chisato-san's not here yet...
Chisato: Sorry I'm late! Work took longer than I thought...
Saya: Chisato-senpai! I hope you had a good day at work.
Kanon: I'm sure you were working very hard. Actually, we were just getting started.
Chisato: Really? I'm glad I made it.
Chisato: We're coming up with original drinks today, correct? Then let's begin.
Tsugumi: Sounds good! Here, let me push these tables together.
Chisato: Thank you, Tsugumi-chan.
Chisato: (This may be my last job for the day, but that doesn't mean I can relax. I have to stay focused.)
Chisato: ... Phew. Still...
Kanon: Chisato-chan? Are you tired from rushing over here...?
Chisato: No, I'm fine. Let's get started.
(Black cut)

[Thirty Minutes Later]

Tsugumi: That should do it for now. We've got plenty of ideas to work with.
Saya: Ahaha, what's this "Colorful Juice?" There's even a picture.
Chisato: It looks like a rainbow, but with a few colors missing.
Moca: That's because the colors are based on the five bands~.
Moca: If we pour the drink in one layer at a time, I think it would look very pretty~.
Tsugumi: So this is based on the different bands...! What a great idea!
Kanon: Afterglow would be red, right...? What juice would you use for that?
Moca: Tomato juice, of course~.
Chisato: That certainly sounds healthy, but I don't know if that's what the customers will want...
Saya: I actually really like Moca-chan's idea. The other ideas are good too.
Chisato: They certainly are, but we can't offer all of these drinks. We should cut out about half of these.
Kanon: Half, huh? How are we going to decide?
Tsugumi: Hmm, I'd like to stick to more classic drinks, but I suppose that might be a bit boring.
Chisato: Oh? What's wrong with boring?
Tsugumi: Huh?!
Saya: Well, this is a special event...
Chisato: All the more reason to stick to the classics. Our goal here isn't to stand out, it's to represent ourselves.
Chisato: Take the drink Moca-chan suggested. I actually think this is a wonderful idea.
Chisato: The best part is the fact that we can see the bands in this drink.
Saya: True. Having flashy drinks wouldn't do much good if they don't represent our bands.
Chisato: Exactly. We need to make sure these drinks follow a theme.
Kanon: I see... In that case, Pastel＊Palettes' songs and outfits are cute, so a sweet drink would be best, right?
Moca: And a fruity drink would work for Hello, Happy World~! Something refreshing like pineapple or orange juice~.
Moca: Oho~, now that we've figured out the theme, it'll be a lot easier to decide on drinks~.
Tsugumi: Yeah! Coming up with a menu will be a breeze now!
Chisato: Was what I said helpful? Well, then we should get to work on making this drink menu.
All: Yeah! Okay~! Right!


<Chisato's Cafe Theory Part 2>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Moca: And with that, the drink menu is complete~.
Kanon: This whole process  was much easier thanks to Chisato-chan's advice.
Chisato: Come now, I didn't do anything special.
Saya: That's not true. You really helped us out.
Kanon: Yeah. To be honest, I don't think we would've been able to finish this quickly on our own.
Tsugumi: Yeah, and I learned a lot too! You knew so many drinks that even I didn't recognize!
Moca: You surprised me as well~. You're like a café expert.
Chisato: Now you're just exaggerating.
Moca: No way~, I'm just calling it like I see it~.
Kanon: Fufu. I agree. You are an expert.
Kanon: You sometimes send me pictures of the cafes you visit, Chisato-chan. They all look so stylish.
Kanon: The captions you send are always perfect as well... See? Like this one.
Saya: Whoa, you're right! This place looks so stylish... Hm? Wait.
Saya: I've been to this café before, but when I went there, the whole place was a lot gloomier...
Chisato: Yes, that café is a bit dark.
Chisato: But if you go further into the café, you'll find a window side seat next to some house plants. If you get there at just the right time, the sun shines through the window and warms it up.
Kanon: You and I went there together a while ago, and you're right, that spot was nice and warm.
Chisato: Exactly. I just happened to find that seat when I stopped by once, but now I go to that café specifically to sit there.
Chisato: Even if you've been to a café before, going at a different time or sitting in a different seat can completely change the feel of the place. Lately finding spots like that has been very fun for me.
Moca, Tsugumi & Saya: Oh~!
Tsugumi: I never thought of visiting cafes that way before..!
Saya: No kidding. It sounds like fun though. I'll have to try finding my own special spot sometime.
Moca: Yeah. Although, I think I get the idea~.
Moca: Whenever Afterglow gets together, we tend to sit in the same spots~.
Tsugumi: Now that I think about it, we do! I never noticed..!
Saya: Ahaha! Now I'll have to pay attention the next time I hang out with Poppin'Party.
Chisato: Yes, I'm sure you'll find it amusing.
Chisato: ... Oh? What is it, Kanon? You've got quite the smile there.
Kanon: It's nothing. I'm just glad to see you back to your old self.
Kanon: You came to this meeting despite your busy schedule, and you seemed a bit worn out at first. I was honestly worried.
Chisato: It's nothing really...
Chisato: (How strange. I intended to treat this just like any other job.)
Chisato: (However, somewhere along the way I started to actually enjoy our conversation. Could it be thanks to the tea? Or...)
Moca: Now that we're all finished, it's bun time~.
Moca: Would you like some buns too, Chisato-san~? They're light and fluffy on the inside, and crunchy on th-... Hm? Is this all that's left?
Saya: You probably ate everything else.
Tsugumi: That's because your family's bakery makes such delicious buns, Saya-chan. I'll go refill our drinks!
Saya: I'll help! What would you like, Moca-chan?
Moca: Hm~, I'll have a café au lait~.
Tsugumi: Okay~. Coming right up.
Chisato: Searching for your favorite spot, huh...? Fufu.
Kanon: Chisato-chan...?
Chisato: It's nothing.
Chisato: Don't worry, Kanon. My work does leave me busy, but I promise I'm not overdoing it.
Chisato: I am here today because I wish to be.
Kanon: I see. That's good to hear.
Tsugumi: Chisato-san, Kanon-san! Would you like a refill as well?
Moca: We've also got buns~.
Chisato: Well, I suppose I'd like a bit of both.
Chisato: Shall we, Kanon?
Kanon: Yeah!
