799_Chisato Shirasagi_R3 This Special Moment

<When's the Next Article...?>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Chisato: Now then, a toast to all the hard work we put into Aya-chan's special close-up...
Aya, Hina, Chisato, Eve & Maya: Cheers!
Aya: Phew... It really feels like we accomplished something when we sit around and enjoy tea time together, huh?
Chisato: It does. Aya-chan, you must be tired after all that attention during the close-up.
Hina: Yeah, whether it was the staff or one of us, you had someone attached to you the whole time.
Aya: I was really nervous at first... But I was really happy to have you guys by my side! It was really reassuring to have all of you around!
Aya: I mean, we've all got our individual schedules, right? There's not many chances for us to be together.
Maya: Outside of our work as Pastel＊Palettes, we all usually travel on our own, too.
Eve: I am always happy to be able to work with you all!
Hina: I guess it doesn't really matter to me whether I'm alone or not~. Ah, but there are more fun things to do when I'm with you guys!
Aya: Yeah! Even if being alone is enjoyable, things are more exciting when you're with your friends, right?
Maya: Yes, I think I laugh more when I'm with someone else. What about you, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Me? Well... While I can focus when I'm alone, it's certainly more relaxing when I'm with all of you.
Chisato: It's like a giant weight has been lifted off my back, and I don't feel like I have to shoulder everything on my own.
Eve: That is because of the bonds of trust that we have cultivated as members of Pastel＊Palettes!
Chisato: That being said, sometimes I feel like being together can be really distracting too, you know.
Aya: Huh? Why are you looking at me?
Hina: Probably because she's got her hands full worrying about you. I totally understand, Aya-chan's super interesting to watch~.
Aya: Hina-chan, you too!? A-am I that much of a hassle?
Maya: That's just proof of how compelling you are, Aya-san! I think that's a very important trait for an idol to have.
Eve: Aya-san is always shining so brightly, after all! I would very much like to learn that from you!
Aya: I-is that so...? Ehehehe...
Hina: Hey, Aya-chan. You were the one getting filmed this time, but if there's a next time, who would you want to do a close-up on?
Aya: Hm... I think I would pick everyone! Everybody is so good at lots of things I'm not, so I'd love to learn from you all!
Aya: Hina-chan's instincts and skills are really incredible, and I'd love it if I could learn more about equipment from Maya-chan!
Aya: Having Eve-chan teach me how to pose for pictures and dress nicely would be great as well.
Aya: But I think the one I want to learn from the most is Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Me? I don't think I do anything particularly special...
Aya: That's not true! There's so much you could teach me!
Maya: She has a point. I think that there's a lot that you can teach us all.
Aya: You're always on top of things while we're on set, and you never forget to be considerate of the staff.
Aya: And all while being mindful of your surroundings, you still manage to perform perfectly. What's more, you're really good at taking care of yourself too! You're amazing!
Chisato: I just do those things because I've been in the business a little longer than everyone else. I think you're all doing just fine.
Maya: No way, you're always helping by pointing out things that we'd never notice! That's not a matter of experience!
Hina: No matter what I do, you're always nice when you call out to me, aren't you? That makes me a little happy, you know~.
Eve: I am always being saved by your kindness! You truly are our unsung hero!
Chisato: Oh, everyone, that's a bit much... I'm just doing what comes naturally. If anything, you're the ones that have given me a place where I feel I really belong. I am very grateful.
Aya: Well, I just wanted to tell you how amazing you are.
Hina: If we were gonna do a special close-up on our amazing Chisato-chan... Aya-chan, do you really think you could keep up?
Maya: She has a point. Chisato-san isn't just nice. She's very strict when it comes to work.
Aya: I-I'd be fine! If it's just keeping up, then even I could-
Chisato: Hm... If you were to do a close-up on me, you'd have to match my schedule too, wouldn't you? That might be quite tough for you.
Chisato: I only set aside three minutes for food breaks, you know. And I can't be disturbed while focusing on my scripts, so filming that might be tough. I also wouldn't be able to help you like usual.
Aya: Huh? Th-that's not fai-... No, it's no problem! I'd definitely be able to keep up! I wouldn't get in the way either!
Maya & Eve: Huhehehe! Fufufu!
Hina: Ahaha! Aya-chan, you actually believed her!
Aya: What? Huh?
Chisato: Fufu, it was a joke. Even I'm not that strict, you know. Sorry for teasing you.
Aya: Huh!? It was a joke!? O-oh... Thank goodness...
Chisato: But you know, now that you've shown me your resolve... Well, if the time ever comes, I'll be counting on you, Aya-chan.


<On the Same Side>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Riverside]

Chisato: Ah, hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Oh, Chisato-chan, hello! Are you headed home from school?
Chisato: Yes, today I have work scheduled in the evening, so I thought I would return home to prepare beforehand.
Marina: I see, you're busy as usual, huh?
Chisato: Thankfully, yes. But you know, I feel that my attitude towards work has shifted slightly as of late.
Marina: Is that so? Did something happen at work?
Chisato: Yes. Are either of you aware of the close-up video we uploaded about Aya-chan recently?
Marina: Yeah, I saw it! We got a good look at what idols are really like. It was nice to see the real Aya-chan too~.
Marina: Oh, that's right. Didn't everyone else in Pastel＊Palettes help shoot the video?
Chisato: Yes. We all took time out of our schedules to film.
Chisato: I also watched the video myself and can assure you that each and every scene really was Aya-chan being herself.
Chisato: Having to watch her so closely brought quite a few things to my attention. Her hard work really does pay off, and she's able to easily handle even the toughest of circumstances.
Chisato: She always takes her job seriously, and once she's decided to do something, she'll do everything in her power to make it happen.
Chisato: While she may make everything look quite easy, that's all thanks to the overwhelming amount of work she's put in.
Chisato: Watching Aya-chan has helped me realize a lot of things.
Marina: Hold on, you're working hard when we aren't looking too, aren't you?
Chisato: Well... I suppose you're right. I think hard work is a given considering what we do. But I also believe that her methods are very different from my own.
Marina: Hm... So in other words, you're both working hard, but in different ways.
Chisato: Fufu, you're free to interpret that however you like.
Chisato: Aya-chan is giving us results on her own terms and in her own way. I'm sure that's because her dreams and goals push her to do so.
Chisato: When I look at her, instead of comparing myself to her, I feel compelled to look inside and ask myself what I really want to do. She reminds me just how important having resolve is.
Chisato: When it comes to our jobs, doing what is expected of us is natural. But within those bounds, knowing what we ourselves want to accomplish...
Chisato: Aya-chan has got that down perfectly.
Marina: I see, Aya-chan certainly is that type of person. I could tell just by watching the video.
Marina: Do you have any goals and dreams, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Well... I don't know if you could call it a goal or dream, but right now, I just want to continue being with everyone in Pastel＊Palettes. So whatever I can do, I will, so I'll have no regrets.
Chisato: Ah... Aya-chan and I might be on the same wavelength there, fufu.
Marina: Yep, I think so too. Even if the way all of you work is different, I bet the five of you all share the same desire to stay together.
Chisato: Yes, I hope so. I also have another goal... I'd like to stay by Aya-chan's side and support her as she fulfills her dreams and goals as well.
Marina: Just watching Aya-chan makes you want to root for her, doesn't it?
Chisato: It really does. That's Aya-chan's charm and an important trait for an idol to have.
Chisato: I'm sure she herself doesn't realize it, but... that in itself is very like her, isn't it?
Marina: Fufu, you may be right.
Chisato: Still, it's those very characteristics that make her our leader and allow her to shine as an idol.
Chisato: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. The five of us as Pastel＊Palettes will do our best to keep moving forward. So please, continue to look after us, okay?
