814_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 I've Got Kao-chan

Gacha phrase: You're so kind, Kao-chan.

<First "Fleeting">

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Chisato: (This is my first time watching Kaoru perform like this... Maybe that's why I'm sort of nervous...)
Chisato: (Even so, Kaoru is such an enigma... The girl standing on stage right now isn't the Kao-chan I used to know so well...)
Chisato: (But she's not the Kaoru that everyone here knows either...)
Chisato: (Her expressions and mannerisms are all of a completely different person.)
Chisato: (Kaoru... It is as I thought...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After The Performance]

Kaoru: Oh, Chisato. I am honored that you came.
Chisato: That was a great play. It was such a fresh take on a story I'm so familiar with, I was really drawn into it.
Kaoru: Fufu... Those words mean the world coming from you. Nothing could make me happier.
Kaoru: I was able to embody this role thanks to you. Thank you, Chisato.
Chisato: You're just saying that. I bet you didn't even need the videos of me playing that part.
Kaoru: Don't be ridiculous. I have the utmost respect for you as my senpai in acting.
Kaoru: I may have interpreted this role differently than you did, but I truly owe a great deal of it to your original portrayal.
Chisato: I see. Then I guess digging up those old recordings was worth it.
Kaoru: Now, could you perhaps bestow upon me some more constructive feedback? You were in the audience, after all.
Chisato: It really felt like I was watching a completely different person. Like a person I don't know, who comes alive on the stage.
Kaoru: I presume you mean I was able to completely transform into my character?
Chisato: Who was that on the stage? It wasn't the Kao-chan I know, nor the Kaoru standing in front of me now.
Kaoru: That was a young girl living in "The City of Solitude."
Chisato: ...
Chisato: I'll just say it. I think I was a little jealous of you.
Kaoru: What ever do you mean?
Chisato: I decided to live my life as Chisato Shirasagi. This was a recent decision, but it was somewhat decided for me when I was younger.
Chisato: ... But you decided to walk the same path, the path of an actor... And now, you're not only my childhood friend Kao-chan, but also the Kaoru standing right in front of me...
Chisato: And on top of that, you are the roles that you play.
Kaoru: ... But I am just me. I don't think either of us is right or wrong here.
Chisato: You're right. I know you are. I think I'm just asking for too much.
Chisato: I thought this at the Culture Festival last year, but whenever I reminisce about the past with you, I get this strange feeling that I can keep moving forward.
Kaoru: Fufu... I am glad.
Chisato: I will continue to live as Chisato Shirasagi, no matter what.
Chisato: But... I want you to keep being Kao-chan, Kaoru Seta, and whatever roles you get to play.
Kaoru: Yes, of course I will. I swear by the strong resolve you showed last year, I will continue to be me.
Chisato: ... Thanks.
Chisato: Sigh. Anyhow, your acting was really amazing. I've said a bunch of complicated things, but honestly, you were overwhelming. It was frustrating.
Chisato: I won't sit back and let you show me up.
Kaoru: Just seeing you shine every day gives me all the more inspiration.
Kaoru: This relationship of ours... has become a ravishing rivalry! How fleeting!
Chisato: Very fleeting indeed.
Kaoru: Chisato... did you just say "fleeting"?
Chisato: Yes, I did. I mean, if I don't use this word then I can't have a conversation with the current you.
Kaoru: Ahh... I am overjoyed, Chisato...! This fleeting feeling!
Chisato: Yes, yes. Very fleeting.
Chisato: Fufu. I'll have to be careful not to pick up this "fleeting" habit.


<Future Possibilities>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Chisato: ...
Chisato: ...
Marina: It's kind of amazing. I didn't know you could change your facial expressions like that.
Chisato: Huh? Ah...! I didn't know you were there. Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: What were you looking at?
Chisato: I was watching a show that started streaming online last night. It's a drama I appeared in when I was younger.
Marina: Ah! I used to watch that show~!
Chisato: Really? Thank you.
Chisato: They didn't release a DVD of it, and it hadn't been streaming anywhere, so I thought it would never see the light of day again...
Chisato: I never imagined it would resurface at a time like this.
Marina: Actually, I think I heard a little about a stage version of it from Kaoru-san.
Chisato: Yes, that's right. Haneoka's Theater Club performed a play based on this the other night.
Chisato: I got so nostalgic after seeing Kaoru perform.
Marina: This was filmed when you were in... elementary school, wasn't it?
Chisato: Yes, I was... Thinking back on it, I think it was quite an important role for me.
Chisato: It was the role that got me recognition as an actor...
Marina: I see, so this show had quite some influence over your career.
Chisato: Yes. Strictly speaking, it's the role that made me who I am today.
Chisato: I feel like I tried to define myself by thinking "this is how an actor should be," and I tried to force myself to be that way.
Marina: Wow... it must be tough being an actor.
Chisato: Fufu, I think I've become a bit more flexible.
Chisato: ... But at the time, I never thought Kaoru would follow the same path as me.
Marina: Oh, really? There was nothing that gave you even a hint?
Chisato: Honestly, there was nothing at all.
Marina: That's interesting~. I guess life can take you many places.
Chisato: Fufu, it can indeed. I think my past self would be very surprised if she knew she'd be an idol by high school.
Chisato: I thought I was going to be an actor forever.
Chisato: I wonder what will happen to me from here on out. It makes me excited thinking about what my future self is pouring her heart into.
Marina: What a wonderful thought! I'm sure there are infinite possibilities ahead of you, Chisato-chan.
Marina: You never know, in a few years' time you could be a famous bassist.
Chisato: Fufu, that sounds like fun♪
Chisato: ... Watching this drama again has kind of made me even more motivated.
Chisato: I want to use my past experiences as a driving force, and reach for even higher goals than I am now.
Marina: I'm rooting for you, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Yes, thank you♪ Please keep cheering me on.
