846_Chisato Shirasagi_R3 Careful Mixing!

Gacha phrase: Yes. I'd like to meet Hina-chan's expectations.

<A Shy Request>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kanon: Chisato-chan, sorry to keep you waiting! And sorry I am late...
Chisato: No, it's fine. I only just arrived anyway.
Kanon: Oh, that's good~. So, what did you want to talk to me about...?
Chisato: Let's order something to drink first.
(Black cut)
Kanon: Ahh, nice and warm... This tea is delicious~.
Chisato: It really is. It smells nice too. Perhaps I should buy some tea leaves next time.
Kanon: Now, Chisato-chan. Going back to what I said before... What did you want to talk to me about?
Kanon: You didn't say anything at school, so I was surprised you messaged me afterward.
Chisato: Sorry about that. I actually didn't want other people overhearing this...
Kanon: I-is it something serious?
Chisato: No, it's not that big of a deal, but... How should I say this...?
Chisato: So Aya-chan, the others, and I are going to make chocolates for Hina-chan as part of a show we're on.
Kanon: Wow, like a gift from everyone? I'm sure she'll love that♪
Chisato: Yes, I'm looking forward to it. Anyhow, I decided to make a chocolate pound cake for her, but...
Kanon: But what?
Chisato: Well... Kanon. Could you teach me how to make a pound cake?
Kanon: What? Me?
Chisato: Yes, could you? I don't have much experience with baking.
Chisato: I've already found a recipe and memorized the steps, but I'm worried whether I can do it on my own.
Kanon: Y-yeah, I don't know if I'm good enough though. I bake every now and then, but not enough to be able to teach people. You should probably ask someone better...
Kanon: I know! What about Aya-chan? She made a really cute bento when we went to look at the cherry blossoms♪
Chisato: I'm going to practice with her on Saturday, but I want to learn how to do it before then.
Kanon: Huh? Why?
Chisato: Maya-chan and Eve-chan will be there too, and it seems like they all have experience with baking already.
Chisato: So Saturday is more likely to be a dress rehearsal rather than a practice. I think we will probably end up making our chocolates like it's the real thing.
Chisato: If I go without practicing beforehand, I'm going to slow everyone down...
Kanon: I can see why you want to do it yourself first in that case.
Chisato: Yes. I'd feel so bad if I got in everybody's way... And besides...
Chisato: If I'm the only one who can't do it... Well, that would be a little embarrassing.
Kanon: Chisato-chan... Fufu.
Chisato: This is also a professional problem. If I am to call myself a true professional, I must do things perfectly, no matter whether it's for practice or the real thing.
Chisato: So, please. I can't ask this of anyone but you, Kanon.
Kanon: Okay, I understand. I'm not sure I'll be much help, but if you're fine with that, I will do what I can!
Chisato: Thanks, Kanon. I'm glad I asked you.
Kanon: I'll look up how to make a pound cake too. I've got to make sure I can teach you properly.
Chisato: I can't wait. My success all depends on you now, Kanon.
Kanon: Ohhh, y-you're making me nervous now~.
Chisato: Hehe, I'm just kidding. Let's do our best.
Kanon: Yeah! So, when should we do it? I'm free anytime this week!
Chisato: Right. How about right now?
Kanon: T-today? Y-yeah, okay! But can you give me some time to read the recipe first?
Chisato: Of course. Where should we do it?
Kanon: I think we can do it at my house if that's okay? I think my mom would be happy if you came over anyway.
Chisato: I haven't seen her in a while. I look forward to it.
Chisato: Alright, let's look up the recipe now. Then, we can go buy the ingredients together. Thanks again, Kanon.
Kanon: Yeah. Thanks for coming to me!


<Actress and Idol>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Chisato: ...
Marina: Hello, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. Are you headed somewhere?
Marina: Yeah, we have to buy some equipment. What are you up to? You were looking pretty seriously at your phone.
Chisato: I was watching a video on how to make pound cakes. I thought I'd better review the recipe.
Marina: A pound-cake recipe... Ah, are you making one for work?
Chisato: No, it's not for work. My younger sister asked me to make one for her.
Marina: Oh~. Do you always make sweets for her?
Chisato: No... I made a pound cake for our web show's Valentine's Day special the other day. Apparently, she watched it.
Marina: I see~. Fufu, it's very sweet how she wants to eat your baking.
Chisato: I just hope she doesn't ask me this every single time we make something on the show.
Marina: Ahaha, that's true. But your sister even watches your web shows?
Chisato: Yes, it seems she often watches the shows I appear in. She tells me what she thinks of them too.
Marina: What kind of things does she say?
Chisato: Well... After watching the Valentine's Day Special, she said that although she likes the "Actress Sis" side of me, she also likes "Idol Sis."
Chisato: She usually only gives me brief comments, but for some reason, she went into detail this time. I was surprised.
Marina: I wonder why. Did you ask why?
Chisato: No, I didn't press the matter. However, she did say my facial expressions were good.
Marina: Oh, she did~? What a nice thing to hear from a family member!
Chisato: Yes, it was. It made me feel quite good.
Chisato: The fact that my family, who has been watching me the closest, told me that is proof that my range is broader than it used to be.
Chisato: I'm sure I have Pastel＊Palettes to thank for that too.
Marina: Fufu, I see. Well, since your sister made you realize that, I suppose you have to make her a beautiful pound cake now.
Chisato: Yes, I do. I'll try my best.
Marina: Yeah, good luck! Anyway, we'd better get going now.
Chisato: Alright. Please keep up the hard work, you two.
