854_Chisato Shirasagi_R2 How Far Do We Go?

<Unending Restlessness!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Program Recording Session]

[Dressing Room]

Aya: Huh? The script says that we're going straight into the food-review clip right after the opening...
Aya: Wasn't there supposed to be a comment added here? Hey, Chisato-chan? How does this part go?
Chisato: ...
Aya: Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Huh...? Ah, what is it, Aya-chan?
Aya: I'm trying to ask about the show schedule...
Chisato: Ah, right. Sorry, my head was in the clouds.
Aya: It's not like you to space out before a show... Is everything alright? I'm here if you need to talk.
Chisato: ... The fact that you're the one saying that to me surely means my behavior is unacceptable.
Chisato: However, leaving this unresolved would interfere with work... Aya-chan, may I discuss a certain matter with you?
Aya: Of course!
Chisato: Thank you. You see, Kanon will be holding her own street performance tomorrow...
Aya: A street performance?!
Aya: ... Ah, didn't she take part in one with Kokoro-chan a while back?
Chisato: Yes. Arisa-chan will be joining her this time, though.
Aya: Wow, it's kind of rare for those two to be together.
Aya: I hope everything goes well for them~. Did they say how the practice is going?
Chisato: Everything appears to be proceeding smoothly. I believe the show will be a success.
Aya: If you think so, Chisato-chan, then it'll be fine for sure!
Chisato: I really do feel that way, but I still find myself concerned somehow...
Aya: I see~. So that's why you were acting so weird.
Aya: I get where you're coming from. I get kind of nervous whenever anyone from Pastel＊Palettes is on TV.
Chisato: Huh? You do...?
Aya: Ah, hang on. I don't mean that I think they'll mess up or anything!
Aya: It's more like... being worried about how my friends will do...
Aya: B-but you know, all that stress disappears in no time! Because I know everyone is always giving it their best shot!
Chisato: Knowing that they're giving it their best shot...
Aya: I believe that anyone who tries their best can never truly fail!
Aya: So yeah, I think Kanon-chan will be alright! Her show is no doubt gonna be a big hit!
Chisato: Fufu... You are exactly right, Aya-chan. And I know that Kanon is putting in her utmost effort.
Chisato: Thank you. With your help, I can now properly focus on the recording.
Aya: Really? That's great to hear~.
Aya: But wow, a street performance tomorrow~. Too bad I have work... Aw, I wish I could go cheer her on.
Chisato: Do not think of it as a disappointment. Being able to engage in such work is a blessing, is it not?
Aya: Hehehe, that's true. Alright, I'd better put in just as much effort as Kanon-chan!
Aya: Chisato-chan, I hope you'll be there for me too!
Chisato: Yes, of course.


<Respected Friend>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Are you doing some shopping?
Chisato: Fufu, ever the diligent worker.
Chisato: I am meeting Kanon here today. We plan to do a little shopping of our own.
Chisato: Ah, that is correct. Kanon and Arisa-chan did put on a street performance the other day.
Chisato: Indeed. The show was a rousing affair.
Chisato: I was surprised when Kanon first mentioned the idea but relieved that it concluded without issue.
Chisato: Yes, I was somewhat worried for her. After all, we have been friends since junior high school...
Chisato: But it would appear that I was overthinking the issue.
Chisato: Kanon joined Arisa-chan in performing brilliantly in front of a large crowd.
Chisato: Though I was initially concerned for them at first, their performance slowly but surely drew me in.
Chisato: In spite of the stress one must certainly feel before such a show, I was impressed that they carried on until the very end.
Chisato: I do not know what other challenges Kanon will take on in the future, but I plan to support her with everything I can offer.
Chisato: ... Oh, my apologies. I have carried on for far too long.
Chisato: Our scheduled meeting time is nearly here... but Kanon is nowhere to be found.
Chisato: I fear that she may have lost her way...
Chisato: I will go search for her, {{userName}}-san, so we must part ways here.
Chisato: Yes, I hope to see you again soon at CiRCLE.
