920_Chisato Shirasagi_R3 An Anticipated Encore

<Pastel＊Palettes' Park Report>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Chisato: Hello, everyone! It's Chisato Shirasagi of Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: Hello~! And this is Aya Maruyama, also of Pastel＊Palettes!
Chisato: Today we've come to an amusement park that's garnered a lot of attention recently, Hanasakigawa Smile Land.
Chisato: This park is filled with families and friends alike. It's quite lively, isn't it?
Aya: It sure is! But Chisato-chan... It looks like every other amusement park to me. What exactly makes this place so popular?
Chisato: Well, it seems people have been saying that this park is a mix of old and new.
Chisato: Hanasakigawa Smile Land is known for being full of fun ideas, from a mobile aquarium where you can interact with penguins to events where you can meet popular mascot characters.
Aya: Wow~! Those all sound fantastic!
Aya: Since we've come all the way here, we have to check this park out!
Aya: There's a merry-go-round over there... Whoa! The horses all have pictures painted on them! They're even decorated! How cute!
Aya: It looks like we can leave a message on that mural over there as well. We'll have to write one later!
Aya: Seeing all these smiling patrons and cast members sure does make you happy, doesn't it?!
Chisato: It does. It seems they also do events that both children and adults can enjoy, from treasure hunts and riddle quests to parades.
Chisato: As for the mobile aquarium and other attractions, stay tuned to hear all about them from Hina-chan, Maya-chan, and Eve-chan.
Chisato: For now, why don't we talk to that family over there?
Chisato: Excuse me, could we have a moment of your time?
(Black cut)

[Filming Break]

Aya: Phew... We still need to wrap up after this, so I can't let my guard down yet...!
Chisato: Good work. You did great during our segment earlier.
Aya: R-really?! I didn't give any weird responses, did I?
Chisato: Fufu, you were fine. You were able to show off the park's appeal very naturally.
Hina: You know, I don't think you've messed up your speech at all today.
Aya: Wh-why do you sound so surprised~? Actually, I made sure to practice what I was going to say today beforehand.
Eve: You were practicing before filming too! I even heard you say "hose" instead of "horse." It was very cute!
Aya: Y-you saw that?!
Maya: A-ahaha~... Still, why are you rehearsing so much?
Aya: Well~... I guess you could say something made me want to practice.
Aya: Do you remember the interview we did at CiRCLE?
Maya: Yeah, Marina-san asked us all sorts of questions, didn't she? She even asked us for tips on playing music!
Aya: Exactly. That interview made me realize that there are people that look up to us as a band now.
Aya: The same thing goes for our idol work as well. We're officially role models.
Aya: I remember watching countless trainees make their debuts ahead of mine, so the fact that I'm in their position now is a little scary, but also exciting.
Aya: I can't let it get to my head though. Especially if I want to be an idol that inspires others like Ayumi-san.
Aya: So I figured I need to work even harder than I have up until now.
Maya: Ooh, Aya-san...! I'll be sure to work hard as well. That way I can show others how to be a great drummer...!
Eve: That is our Aya-san for you! I have much to learn from your spirit!
Aya: Ehehe... You know, Chisato-chan was also really cool during that interview. I'm hoping I can be like that someday.
Maya: I had a chance to look at the finished page, and I thought your video message was great!
Hina: Ah, you mean the one where she screwed up?
Aya: Hina-chan... Don't remind me...
Chisato: Fufu, don't worry. The most important part of an interview is the content.
Chisato: It might have been a video this time, but usually our interviews are done in writing for magazines.
Chisato: Even if you make mistakes, the writers will correct them, so you don't need to worry.
Chisato: So all things considered, I'd say you did well during that interview, wouldn't you?
Chisato: I'm sure your sincerity made it through to the readers.
Aya: Y-you really think so?! Yay~!
Chisato: That being said, you've never made it through an interview without any mistakes...
Aya: Oooh, don't say that...
Aya: Still, I'd like to give an interview like yours someday, so I'm counting on you to teach me the ropes, Chishato-chan!
Hina: Ahaha, there it is! This time she messed up the s sound!
Chisato: It seems you still have a ways to go...
Maya: A-ahaha...


<Someday...>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Chisato: Good afternoon, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Ah, Chisato-chan. Can we help you with something?
Chisato: Well, I recently saw the finished website.
Chisato: All the band interviews were very well put together. They look wonderful. I just thought I'd stop by to let you know that.
Marina: Wow, I'm glad you like it. Thanks for coming all this way.
Chisato: The talent agency also considers it an accomplishment as well, so they're very happy.
Chisato: And because you contacted them in advance, they were able to contact any involved parties and work it into our schedules easily.
Marina: That's great~. You were the one who suggested that, weren't you, {{userName}}-san? Nice job!
Chisato: Fufu. That interview reminded me of what it felt like when we first started.
Chisato: As you both know, our debut was riddled with problems...
Chisato: When you asked about unexpected things happening onstage, our debut concert is what came to mind first.
Chisato: I'm sure the others thought the same thing.
Chisato: I thought about mentioning it, but I'm glad I didn't.
Marina: Why's that? Ah, has the talent agency asked you not to talk about it?
Chisato: No, that's not it.
Chisato: I certainly don't want to pretend that incident never happened.
Chisato: In fact, that unexpected event is what made Pastel＊Palettes who we are today.
Chisato: However, we're still not ready to talk about it as if it's a pleasant memory.
Chisato: We're aiming to give the perfect performance.
Chisato: But in order to do that, we need a lot more experience, and we have a lot of work ahead of us. I know we can still get better.
Chisato: From now on, we'll continue to grow, and once we've given the best performance we ever have...
Chisato: Then I'm sure that debut concert will become a pleasant memory.
Chisato: That being said, I don't think that day is arriving any time soon. That's why it is our goal.
Chisato: ... That's how I feel, anyway. Perhaps I'm the one who's looking forward to our perfect performance the most.
Marina: A goal, huh...? That's so cool how you're able to explain it so clearly! Don't you think, {{userName}}-san?
Chisato: Fufu, thank you. I promise we'll make our dreams a reality.
Marina: Doesn't aiming for something so abstract make you feel uneasy at times, though? This isn't like getting a good test score or passing an audition.
Chisato: Yes, I suppose... the old me would feel uneasy.
Chisato: But I've changed. Working together with people who work hard despite how abstract their goals are really changes a person.
Marina: Yeah, and the fact that you recognize that change is wonderful! Let me guess, was that Aya-chan's doing?
Chisato: Fufu, I'll leave that up to your imagination.
Chisato: ... Ah, I've been talking too much, haven't I? I must be holding you up. My apologies.
Marina: Not at all. I'm sorry if we kept you for too long. Thanks for letting us know how you feel about the website!
Chisato: And thank you for listening to me.
Chisato: I'll have to come back here with the rest of Pastel＊Palettes so they can let you know how they feel too.
