934_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Supporting Each Other

Gacha phrase: I had intended to calm Aya-chan nerves, but she ended up calming mine instead.

<Pastel＊Palettes Viewing Party>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Yamato Residence - Maya's Room]

Eve: Two more minutes, everyone! Two more minutes until it starts!
Hina: Hahaha. Eve-chan, didn't you just update us a minute ago~? Calm down~.
Eve: How can I when this is the drama where Chisato-san and Aya-san will appear? I have been waiting for this day!
Maya: I've been looking forward to this just as much as Eve-san. What's more, we're having a sleepover together, so it's impossible not to be excited!
Aya: Sorry, Maya-chan, but could you pass me a drink~? I'm so thirsty...
Chisato: The filming has already ended, so I see no reason to still be nervous...
Maya: I think I understand how you're feeling, Aya-san. Here's your drink. Are you not nervous at all, Chisato-san?
Chisato: I suppose not. This will be a good opportunity to watch and learn from other actors.
Aya: Oh, I brought some snacks! Can I go ahead and open them?
Chisato: It's late, Aya-chan, so try not to eat too much.
Eve: It's starting! The show is starting, everyone!
(Black cut)
Hina: Talk about suspicious~! I think we just found our culprit!
Maya: That sneaky smile when they left certainly makes it seem that way!
Aya: Sigh~. Seeing this just hits home that we're watching a nationwide broadcast~.
Hina: Ah! There's Chisato-chan! We practiced this scene a million times for her audition.
Eve: We did! Seeing her on the screen somehow makes it feel like we are watching it for the first time though!
Maya: I agree. It's the same Chisato-san, but it doesn't feel like it~.
Aya: Chisato-chan was so cool when we were filming!
Aya: She was even casually chatting with the director, the lead actor, and the rest of the staff.
Aya: Thanks to her, I was able to get to know everyone too!
Eve: I had no idea! That does sound like her!
Maya: If that were me, I would've been too terrified to even open my mouth~.
Hina: Sounds like keeping an eye on Aya-chan kept you busy, even on top of filming, huh, Chisato-chan~?
Chisato: ...
Hina: Hm? Chisato-chan?
Chisato: This actor's dialogue is so long, and yet her actions are so natural... I could learn a lot from her.
Chisato: The way she lets her hair flow in the breeze is incredible... What an impression. Was she already aware of the camera's position?
Chisato: Ah, perhaps my line delivery just now was a little too fast... The lead is trying to match my pace...
Maya: She's completely fixated on the TV...
Chisato: ... Ah. Everyone, Aya-chan is about to-
Chisato: Huh...? Why are you all staring at me?
Eve: We were trying to speak to you, but you didn't seem to notice...
Aya: Are you always that intense when you watch stuff, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Ah... My apologies. Yes, I like to examine things very closely...
Hina: All that analyzing must be why she's such a great actor~! It makes perfect sense~!
Chisato: Oh, come now, Hina-chan... Alright, let's focus on the show. See, Aya-chan just came on.
Aya: Ah! I-I'm kind of nervous...
Maya: Ah, you're both wearing school uniforms!
Eve: Bright, cheerful, and full of emotion... Fufu! That is the Aya-san we know so well!
Hina: Totally! It makes you wonder if she's even acting!
Aya: Huh~?! I was trying my best to be a super cool actor, you know~!
Chisato: Don't worry, Aya-chan. I think it's impressive how you can remain so natural in front of the camera.
Maya: Exactly! I can feel that energy of yours even through the TV!
Aya: Huh? D-do you really mean that~? Hehehe~.
(Black cut)
Hina: Man, that was so cool~! I can't believe it's already over~!
Maya: Wow~, now that was a very deep story. The kind that really makes you think...!
Aya: ... Nnn... Ohhh~... What a great story... I'm so happy~...!
Chisato: Come now, Aya-chan, don't cry. Here is a tissue.
Eve: Chisato-san, Aya-san, your performances were both amazing! As a fellow member of Pastel＊Palettes, I am very proud of you!
Aya: Thank you~...! Eve-chan!
Hina: That passion of yours almost burned a hole through the screen! It was seriously boppin'♪
Maya: Once again, congratulations on a job well done!
Chisato: Thank you. I'll be sure to give any future opportunities my all.
Chisato: It is getting late, so I suggest that we turn in for the evening. We need a good night's sleep for our rehearsal tomorrow.
Eve: I'm so thrilled that we will be both sleeping and going to work together!
Aya: Yeah! We get to be side-by-side from the moment we wake up until we get to the studio!
Maya: Huhehe... I think I may be too excited to sleep. There is still so much I want to talk about!
Hina: Me too! Come on, let's stay up and chat just a little while longer~. We can even talk while still under the covers!
Chisato: Well, no sense fighting it, I suppose. I better not hear you all complaining about how sleepy you are tomorrow, though.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: Still... times like these are fun on occasion.
(Black cut)


<The Path to an Audition>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Hm? Is that...? Hey, Chisato-chan~.
Chisato: Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Marina: Good afternoon to you too. I saw that drama the other day! It was really good!
Marina: {{userName}}-san and I were discussing it earlier at CiRCLE.
Chisato: Fufu, I am glad to hear that you enjoyed it.
Marina: The way you interacted with the lead actor felt exactly like two siblings! It was amazing!
Marina: It was almost like you were communicating through more than just words.
Chisato: Thank you very much. She and I would often chat during filming, so that may have come through in our acting.
Chisato: Pastel＊Palettes may have also had something to do with it.
Marina: Huh? What do you mean?
Chisato: Aya-chan and I auditioned for the same role, and our bandmates helped us train for our auditions in many different ways.
Marina: Oh, I see now~... Wait, the same role? You and Aya-chan?
Chisato: Fufu, yes. I won the part in the end, but Aya-chan caught the director's eye and was chosen for the role of the friend. We did practice together for the auditions, though.
Marina: So that's what happened~. Wouldn't that be kind of... awkward? I mean, you were working towards the same role together...
Chisato: No, it wasn't, believe it or not. If anything, practicing together helped motivate us to try harder.
Chisato: The others helped us envision our roles and train through mock auditions.
Chisato: There were countless times during filming where that practice very much paid off.
Marina: That kind of training sounds interesting~. And here I thought that you were the type who prefers to rehearse in private.
Chisato: Yes, it's true that I did some practice on my own, but not as much as I usually do when auditioning for a role alone.
Chisato: Moreover, I doubt that my past self would have been willing to discuss the role with others on any meaningful level.
Chisato: There was a time when I felt a lot of pressure when the others wished me good luck...
Chisato: However, that experience helped me realize that it's important to open my heart and accept the ideas of others.
Chisato: My friends were there to help me practice this time, which was very reassuring.
Marina: It looks like Pastel＊Palettes has earned a special place in your heart, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: Fufu, apparently so. Although they are a little too rambunctious at times.
Marina: Fufu! I can see that.
Chisato: Unfortunately, I have rehearsals soon, so I must take my leave.
Chisato: Thank you both for sharing your thoughts with me. If you have any other thoughts, I'd love to hear them sometime.
Marina: Will do! Good luck at rehearsals!
