1161_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Thank you, it's beautiful!

<Slow Birthday>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Chisato: Thank you so much, all of you.
Aya: Were we able to make it the kind of relaxing birthday you requested?
Chisato: Yes. I really enjoyed our time chatting over tea...
Hina: Hey, you're not thinking this is it, are you~? Maya-chan~, would you do the honors?
Maya: Yes! I know we already said this Chisato-san, but... Happy Birthday!
Chisato: Thank you, it's beautiful! Oh, these are crepes, not flowers.
Aya: You said you wanted to do tea with us, so we tried to come up with something that would go together.
Eve: It suits you very much, Chisato-san! You look like a cover model for a magazine!
Hina: Oh yeah~! Try posing!
Chisato: ... Like this?
Maya: Very nice! We should take a picture!
Chisato: Fufu, it feels a little strange to be posing like I would for a job when this is my time off.
Eve: Although you are lovely on camera, I am very pleased that we get to see this side of you that only we know!
Hina: Yeah~! I really like how you've completely dropped your work face and are just being yourself today!
Aya: Alright, get ready to have the real you photographed, Chisato-chan~. Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Surrounded by Smiles>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Chisato: We're lucky we found an empty table.
Kanon: Yes! I wonder what I should get today... Ah, it looks like they recommend the mille crepe.
Chisato: Oh, is that so...? Fufu, it's crepe all over again.
Kanon: Hmm? What do you mean by again?
Chisato: My band gave me a crepe bouquet when they held my birthday party the other day.
Chisato: See, take a look at this photo.
Kanon: Wow, is that a bouquet made of tiny crepes?
Kanon: And the way you're holding it even makes you look like a magazine cover model~.
Chisato: Fufu, thank you. Everyone said the same thing too.
Kanon: So, what was the party like?
Chisato: Well, I'd already told them I wanted my birthday to be relaxing since they had already asked me if there was anything I wanted to do.
Chisato: So while we didn't do anything special, we did get to relax and enjoy each other's company over some tea for the first time in a while.
Chisato: There was always something to talk about, and I don't think there was a single moment where we weren't smiling.
Kanon: It's important to have those kinds of everyday moments. Anyway, I'm glad it sounds like you had a great birthday.
Kanon: Did you end up eating the crepes together?
Chisato: Everyone was hesitant at first because they were for me, but yes, we did. I thought it would be a shame to miss enjoying them together.
Kanon: I know what you mean! Eating with your friends makes everything taste better.
Chisato: Quite. The crepes were really delicious.
Chisato: Oh my... I'm sorry for rambling so much when we haven't even ordered.
Kanon: Fufu, I was too busy asking questions that I didn't realize either.
Kanon: Could you tell me more about your birthday party after we order?
Chisato: Yes, of course. There's still a lot that I would like to tell you about.
