1206_Chisato Shirasagi_R5 Professional Zombie

Gacha phrase: Everyone... We will finish this job...!

<The Perfect Souvenirs>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hotel - Shop]

Chisato: Good job today with the concert, everyone. We're heading home tomorrow, so let's pick up our souvenirs now while we can.
Chisato: But we're leaving bright and early in the morning, so make it quick, okay?
Aya, Hina, Eve & Maya: Okay!  Yes!
Hina: What should I get for Sis~♪ Oh, this looks good! And this, and this, and this... Oh, that could work, too~♪
Eve: They have dried squid, seaweed, and even boiled tofu here! They all look so good, I can't pick!
Aya: I know, right~? Oh, look, Eve-chan! Seaweed biscuits!
Eve: Wow! That sounds delicious!
Chisato: Goodness... I just said to make it quick.
Maya: Ahaha... This looks like it might take a while.
Maya: But I know how they feel. It's kind of exciting picking souvenirs out, don't you think?
Chisato: Fufu, you have a point. I can't say I don't understand. Especially considering all the choices on display here.
Maya: Yeah! And it's fun to imagine handing them to the people you're buying them for too~!
Eve: Chisato-san~.
Chisato: Eve-chan? What is it?
Eve: Aya-san and I were just talking... You are planning on giving a souvenir to Kanon-san too, right?
Chisato: Yes, I am.
Aya: We were thinking it'd be a good idea to make sure we don't get her the same things.
Chisato: Good idea. Though I'm sure Kanon would be happy regardless of what we get her, getting the same souvenir for her is certainly something we should try and avoid.
Aya: You still haven't decided, right? Then we'll tell you what we got first, okay?
Chisato: You're already done? That was fast.
Eve: Yes! We finished in a flash! I bought Kanon-san some Ureshino tea and tea snacks!
Chisato: Specialty tea leaves, huh? Good choice, Eve-chan. Kanon will love them.
Eve: Ehehe, Kanon-san has always taken good care of me, after all.
Aya: I'm thinking about going with this~. It's a little ceramic plate. I thought the wave patterns on it kind of look like jellyfish.
Chisato: That looks perfect to set some cakes on. You made a good choice, Aya-chan.
Chisato: Well, now I know what not to pick. Thanks, you two.
Maya: Is there anything that's caught your eye, Chisato-san?
Chisato: I have spotted a few things as I've scanned the store, but I'm not sure...
Chisato: There's cookies... Not an awful choice, but too obvious. Same with the keychains and towels... What should I do...?
Maya: Then what about some dried squid tentacles? They look pretty tasty!
Chisato: The squid itself isn't bad... It's just that whenever I see it now, I'm reminded of a rather unpleasant man with squid stuffed into his breast pocket.
Aya: Ahaha, I kinda feel bad for the squid now...
Chisato: It's fine, I'll give some to Kaoru. Yes, she can have squid.
Maya: Haha... Poor Kaoru-san. Then again, I think Kaoru-san would be overjoyed to get anything from you, Chisato-san.
Hina: Oooh, oooh, Chisato-chan! What about this for Kanon-chan~? Dried warasubo!
Chisato: Absolutely not.
Hina: Awww, really?
Chisato: How much of a fright would she get if she saw that? I want to pick something that suits her.
Aya: Ah! Then how about these manju? They've got a historic seal of authenticity on them that says they were made at a place that's super old! And it's supposed to be the most popular gift here, too!
Chisato: Well, if it's popular, then I suppose there should be no problem with taste. Kanon does like sweet things... But...
Aya: But...?
Chisato: Since we're in Saga, I think she'd appreciate something Saga-related more.
Eve: Then what about these seaweed biscuits? Saga is famous for its seaweed, and the design on the tin is very pretty.
Chisato: Kanon would probably like this sort of design. It's just... It's not bad, but, how do I put this...? I feel like there must be something else here that suits her perfectly.
Hina: Gosh, don't you think you're setting the bar too high? At times like this, you should just pick out the first thing that jumps out to you.
Chisato: I suppose... Sorry, everyone. You all went out of your way to find things for me, too.
Chisato: Still, I want to give her something just right. You can all go back to buying your own things. I'll think about it a little more on my own.
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Chisato: This pudding looks nice, but it won't last long... Maybe the sweet bean jelly...? No, the hot springs toner... But then...
Hina: Hey~. Chisato-chan, are you done yet~? We're all waiting for you, you know~.
Chisato: Sorry, I just need a little longer.
Eve: Fufu, Chisato-san is thinking it over very seriously. I understand how you feel!
Aya: Right? I had so much fun picking, I ended up buying a whole bunch! I hope everyone likes what I got~.
Hina: I mean, yeah, I bought a bunch too, but... Chisato-chan, didn't you say we've gotta finish fast because we gotta get up early tomorrow? Now you’re the only one that still isn't done~.
Maya: Come on now, it's not that big of a deal, right? I think it's awesome that Chisato-san refuses to compromise even when it comes to buying souvenirs!
Eve: Yes! They are for our precious friends, after all!
Aya: Don't worry about us, Chisato-chan. We'll be waiting right over here, so take your time.
Chisato: I-I'm sorry. It'll only take a little longer. Just give me five more minutes...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<A Little Too Excited>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Uhhh, this should be everything, right? Hm? Is that...?
Chisato: "Made from twenty different types of plants." Lemon extract, chamomile extract, soybeans... Where are the rest? Are they written somewhere else?
Marina: Hi, Chisato-chan. Out shopping?
Chisato: Hello Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Yes, I was just looking at some skincare products.
Marina: Ah, I think I've seen commercials for that facial pack. It's supposed to be really popular.
Chisato: Yes. It's got quite a good reputation among professionals as well, so I was curious... but I think I'll pass today.
Marina: Huh? Why?
Chisato: I got a free sample from the staff here, so I think I'll try that out before making my decision.
Chisato: No matter how good the reviews are, I don't know how my skin will react to it until I try it. And I'd like to properly check what it's made up of...
Marina: Oh, well, that makes sense. Skincare's really important for an actress, after all!
Chisato: No, that's not it... It's embarrassing to admit, but I had a pretty awful experience the other day regarding my skin...
Chisato: When Pastel＊Palettes was sent to Saga for work, we all received some body cream that we used that night before bed.
Chisato: And thanks to that cream, well... How do I put this...? We ended up experiencing some truly awful skin problems...
Marina: Oh, really? Are you okay?
Chisato: I appreciate the concern, but there's no need to worry. We're fine now.
Marina: Well, thank goodness for that~. When skincare products don't work for your skin, scary stuff can happen, huh?
Chisato: It wasn't really a matter of compatibility... In any case, I regret not being more cautious before using it. I usually make sure to check things like that...
Marina: ... ? What do you mean?
Chisato: Maybe it was because it was our first time working outside Tokyo. I must have gotten a little too excited without even realizing it...
Marina: Fufu, I know that feeling. Your first band trip is really special.
Chisato: Even so, I should have checked the instructions on the label.
Chisato: I told everyone that we needed to stay focused since it was work, not just a trip, but I ended up being the one to mess up...
Marina: It's not good to linger on stuff like that, you know.
Marina: I mean, everyone else forgot to read the label too, after all. You all must have been having a lot of fun.
Chisato: Yes. Aya-chan even made a Saga-themed guidebook.
Chisato: Everyone was running around excited before we even boarded the plane. We took a group picture from the observation deck... I didn't think they'd get so worked up over some planes.
Marina: I see. But it's not bad to let loose like that every once in a while, right? I do think it's nice that you always take your work super seriously, but you're not working 24/7, after all.
Marina: Besides, I'd say that taking a trip with your bandmates and taking in all those different sights and sounds together is just as important as your work.
Chisato: That's true. The sights and sounds of Saga have become quite special to me.
Chisato: And I'd like to see many more with Pastel＊Palettes in the future. As for "letting loose," well... Perhaps when the proper time and place comes. Fufu.
Marina: Good. That sounds like a solid plan.
Chisato: Well then, I think I'll excuse myself here. I have a meeting soon.
Chisato: Thank you for taking the time to listen to me, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
