1277_Chisato Shirasagi_R2 Waitress' Errand

<A Regular’s Insight>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: Welcome! ... Ah! Chisato-senpai, hello!
Chisato: Tsukushi-chan, hello.
Tsukushi: Right this way! I'll lead you to a seat.
Chisato: Yes, thank you.
Tsukushi: Here is a menu. Today's special i-
Chisato: ... Yawn...
Tsukushi: Chisato-senpai...?
Chisato: Ah... I'm sorry. I was at an overnight on-location filming until yesterday...
Chisato: It would seem I'm still somewhat tired from that.
Tsukushi: An overnight on-location filming...?! I guess entertainers really have it hard.
Chisato: It's normally not a problem, but the travel time was rather long this time around...
Tsukushi: I see... Ah! In that case, how about having something sweet?
Tsukushi: They say that sweets are good for when you're tired!
Chisato: Yes... I suppose I'll do that.
Chisato: Fufu. I was actually planning on only having tea, but... it would seem your sales pitch has worked.
Tsukushi: Huh?! I-I'm sorry. That's not what I was trying to do...
Chisato: Fufufu, I'm joking. You recommended that because you were worried about me, right?
Tsukushi: Y-yes! Of course!
Chisato: I appreciate the concern. In that case, I will have this deluxe chocolate cake.
Chisato: For my drink, I would like tea... Which tea variety do you recommend?
Tsukushi: Ah, this chocolate cake is fairly bitter, so tea leaves with less bitterness would be best.
Tsukushi: Among these, I think the Assam or Dimbula would pair well.
Chisato: Tsukushi-chan... You're quite knowledgeable about tea varieties.
Tsukushi: Customers often asked me what drink would pair well with a certain sweet, so I studied the teas!
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai and Eve-senpai would always help me before, but I felt like I had to change that.
Chisato: I see... You really are quite the hard worker, Tsukushi-chan. Fufu.
Tsukushi: Th-that's not true! I'm just doing what's expected of me.
Tsukushi: I'm a Hazawa Coffee employee too, after all! I want to increase the number of things I can do and be useful to the café!
Chisato: Is that so...? In that case, what about turning the achievements from your studies into something tangible?
Tsukushi: What do you mean?
Chisato: You said that you are often asked about sweets and drink pairings by customers, right?
Chisato: I think that if you listed those pairings on the menu, customers would really appreciate it.
Tsukushi: ...! You have a point! There are some people that don't like asking others questions, so that's a really good idea!
Chisato: I am glad to have been of some help.
Tsukushi: You really are amazing, Chisato-senpai! I hadn't thought of that idea at all!
Tsukushi: When Tsugumi-senpai gets back, I'll try suggesting it to her right away!
Chisato: I'm not amazing. I just thought of that after hearing what you said.
Chisato: Also, I'm the one who should be thanking you.
Tsukushi: Huh?
Chisato: After seeing you doing your best at work, my fatigue has disappeared.
Tsukushi: Really?! Thank goodness~.
Chisato: Fufu... Well then, today I will go with Assam tea.
Tsukushi: Understood! Please wait while I bring that out to you.
Chisato: ... Fufufu. I have to do what I can as well.
Chisato: First, I'll start with checking the script for tomorrow...
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<The Tsukushi Effect>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: {{userName}}-san, hello.
Chisato: It is unusual for us to meet at this hour. Do you perhaps have the day off?
Chisato: I see. I hope you have a relaxing day.
Chisato: I finished work sooner than scheduled, so I was thinking of relaxing at Hazawa Coffee.
Chisato: {{userName}}-san, you were just there a short time ago, weren't you?
Chisato: Don't you think the atmosphere at Hazawa Coffee has been more cheerful recently?
Chisato: I am certain that is thanks to Tsukushi-chan.
Chisato: I often see other customers smiling after they've spoken with her.
Chisato: I know how they feel.
Chisato: Tsukushi-chan is a hard worker that is always eager, so watching her makes me feel like cheering her on.
Chisato: Having someone like her nearby makes you feel like you have to do your best as well, doesn't it?
Chisato: When she first started her part-time job, there were many things she did that put me on pins and needles. However...
Chisato: Now, if Tsukushi-chan's not in the café, something feels like it's missing.
Chisato: ... Ah, I'm sorry. I ended up talking longer than I had intended to.
Chisato: Now then, I should be going.
Chisato: Please enjoy your day off.
Chisato: See you again at CiRCLE. Goodbye.
