1325_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Keep Being Yourself

Gacha phrase: Oh my, you're so overcome with emotion today.

<Techniques of an Actress>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Chisato: It's been some time since we all relaxed together like this.
Aya: I'm sorry. It's all because I scheduled a bunch of magic classes...
Maya: It's okay, please don't worry about it. You had an opening in your schedule today, right?
Aya: Yeah. There are a lot of things that I can practice at home now, so I cut back a little on the number of times I go to the school.
Eve: I have to say though, I was surprised to learn that you were going to a magic classes, Aya-san.
Aya: Well, I was surprised when all of you came to the class~!
Chisato: Fufu. That day it was only Eve-chan and myself at first. We happened to meet up with Hina-chan and Maya-chan later...
Hina: You seemed to be up to something interesting, so we called out to you guys.
Maya: Speaking of which, it's great that you were able to follow through on your plans this time, Hina-san.
Chisato: What do you mean?
Hina: The thing is, before we called out to you two, Maya-chan and I were talking about dropping by a café on our way home.
Maya: It's great that we were all able to come together in the end.
Eve: Aya-san, how are you doing with your magic tricks?
Aya: I'm doing my best! Things still aren't perfect, but my magic teacher praised me for how I'm doing!
Hina: What kind of tricks were you learning again? Show us, show us.
Aya: L-like I told you, you have to wait until I perfect them~.
Hina: Aww, come on!
Chisato: You can't be unreasonable, Hina-chan. No one wants to perform something when it is still incomplete, right?
Hina: Really? But in Aya-chan's case, even if she masters the tricks, won't she just mess up in the end? Just like she did during the new year's party.
Aya: I-I just happened to mess up on that one... I've mastered the playing card tricks, so I'll be fine!
Aya: Plus, I was taught a bunch of other tricks, and I've been practicing them at home.
Maya: I see. Like what, for example?
Aya: Um, the magic trick I've been practicing lately is one that uses a coin!
Chisato: Oh, in that case, I also have one trick that I can do.
Aya: Huh? Really?!
Eve: You can do magic tricks as well, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Yes, although mine are very simple. When I was a child actress, I learned them from one of the older actresses during our breaks.
Hina: Wow! I wanna see your magic tricks, Chisato-chan!
Eve: So do I!
Chisato: Then perhaps I shall give you a small demonstration. Let me see, where is my wallet...?
Maya: Would one of my coins be all right? If you'd like, please use this one hundred yen coin.
Chisato: Thank you, Maya-chan. I will borrow it for a little.
Chisato: Now then, you can see that I have this coin in my left hand right now, right?
Eve: Yes! I have confirmed it with my own two eyes!
Chisato: I will now cast a magic spell to move the coin to my right hand. Watch my right hand carefully.
Chisato: First, to move the coin from my left hand to my right hand... Hah!
Chisato: Now the magic should have taken effect on the coin. And if I open my right hand...
Eve: A-amazing! The magic caused the coin to disappear!
Maya: Well done. As I would expect from you, Chisato-san!
Chisato: Fufu, thank you. It has been some time since I last tried it, so I was worried how I would do, but I'm relieved it succeeded.
Eve: Where exactly could the coin have disappeared to...?
Aya: This trick doesn't actually make the coin disappear with magic.
Chisato: Right. Once you reveal the secret, it's easy. I actually still have the coin in my left hand... See?
Eve: It is true! What is the skill behind this trick?
Hina: When you said you're moving the coin to your right hand, you didn't do that and actually just kept it in your left hand, right?
Hina: You're really good at that!
Chisato: It is just as Hina-chan said. This is a simple magic trick where you just need to make people believe that you moved the coin to your right hand.
Chisato: However, one needs the acting ability to convince people of that.
Eve: I see! I have been thoroughly fooled!
Maya: It's the perfect trick for you, Chisato-san.
Aya: I knew the secret behind it, but I almost fell for it too~.
Chisato: Guiding the audience's line of sight, emphasizing the words you want them to be aware of... Techniques like that are also used in acting, so I am somewhat skilled at it.
Eve: Just as we would expect from an actress!
Maya: Those techniques are the basics of all magic tricks, right? Chisato-san, you just might be suited for magic tricks.
Chisato: Fufu, do you think so?
Aya: Well then, when I do my tricks at a concert, let's do them together! I think that should pump up the crowd!
Eve: How lovely! The two of you will surely be a wonderful combination to see.
Hina: What~? So the both of you are gonna spit playing cards out of your mouths?
Chisato: I do apologize, but I will have to decline.
Aya: Aw, how come~?!


<Childhood Struggles>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Residential Area]

Chisato: Oh? Marina-san and {{userName}}-san, hello.
Marina: Chisato-chan, hello. Are you going out today?
Chisato: Yes. The filming for a drama I was cast in finally finished yesterday, so I was thinking of refreshing myself today.
Marina: I see. Congrats on being finished! Speaking of which, I recently watched one of the works you appeared in when you were a child actress.
Chisato: Would that happen to be... "The Lone Swordsman"?
Marina: Yeah! That's it, but how did you know?
Chisato: Eve-chan talked about it on her radio program lately, so I've been getting that a lot.
Marina: Oh yeah. I also watched it because I got curious after listening to her radio program. Seeing you when you were a kid was such a fresh experience.
Chisato: Fufu, thank you very much. That work was from the time I had just debuted as a child actress, so it is somewhat embarrassing...
Marina: There's nothing for you to be embarrassed about. You were amazingly cute, just like Eve-chan said you were!
Marina: Plus, being able to act when you're that young is amazing. Even reading the script had to have been hard, right?
Chisato: Actually, I didn't read the scripts at the time.
Marina: You didn't?! Then how did you memorize your lines?
Chisato: This wasn't just for "The Lone Swordsman", but until I was able to read for myself, my mother would read scripts out for me, and I would remember the lines that way.
Marina: I see, so you had your mother's help. But you wouldn't be able to look over it again like you would with words, so that sounds like it would be even harder...
Chisato: Indeed. I would ask my mother each time I could not recall my lines, but there was also the issue of timing since she was not always available...
Chisato: I also had to memorize stage directions in addition to my lines, so despite being a child, I remember going through quite a bit of effort.
Marina: To think that you did something like that when you were so young. You really are amazing, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: Not at all. The acting world does not allow people to cut corners, even if they are children.
Marina: It could have been all of your behind-the-scenes efforts that made you seem so charming in "The Lone Swordsman".
Chisato: Yes, that just might be the case.
Chisato: But if you're going to watch my work, I would very much like for you to also watch my new drama that is going to be televised soon.
Marina: Is that the drama you mentioned before that's finally finished filming?
Chisato: Yes. You see, I would like for you to watch my current self, not just my past self.
Marina: Well then, I guess I'll watch your latest efforts on my TV screen. I'll share my impressions with you again after I've watched it!
Chisato: Fufu, thank you very much. Well then, goodbye.
