1380_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Celebrating a New Year

Gacha phrase: So, will you allow me to assist you in helping the little girl with her dream?

<One Early Winter Afternoon>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kanon: Thank you for coming with me today, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: There's no need to thank me. I'm looking forward to drinking some tea with you too.
Chisato: Now, where's that menu list...? Ah, here it is. Is this the fondant au chocolat you told me you wanted to try?
Kanon: Mm-hmm. There's also supposed to be tea with flower petals floating in it.
Kanon: I heard they go very well together, so I've been curious.
Chisato: I had some before, and they really were quite delicious. I think I might order them again.
Kanon: Ah, wait. It looks like there are more recommendations listed.
Kanon: Wow. These all look so delicious.
Chisato: And it says all the sweets go well with tea.
Kanon: There's so much to choose from that I can't decide...
Chisato: Fufu, there's no need to rush. We still have plenty of time.
Chisato: ... That said, it is a little chilly out here on the terrace during this time of the year. Are you okay?
Kanon: Yes, I am. I'm actually pretty warm because I brought some hand warmers as well.
Chisato: That's good. But be sure to tell me if you start feeling cold, okay?
Kanon: Fufu, thank you. What about you, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: I'm okay too because I came prepared for the cold. And I'm also used to it because a lot of filming gets done outside, even when it's winter.
Kanon: I see~. That explains a lot. It was pretty cold during the singing contest, but you were still smiling up on stage.
Chisato: Fufu. I only forgot the cold at the time because of how wonderful the contest was.
Kanon: Yes, it really was fun and exciting.
Kanon: I felt very warm inside because everyone in the audience was smiling... And everyone singing on stage was so radiant.
Kanon: I was especially glued to your performance with the little girl, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: Oh? Thank you.
Chisato: Fufu... I originally had no intention of performing with her, actually.
Kanon: Really?
Chisato: Yes. Since the girl loves Pastel＊Palettes and wants to become an idol, Himari-chan said she wanted my help preparing a special surprise for her.
Chisato: I honestly wasn't sure what to do at first, but...
Chisato: Because of who I've become now, I thought maybe it would be okay for me to encourage someone following their dreams to believe in their dreams too.
Chisato: (Fufu, I suppose a certain somebody is to blame for that one.)
Kanon: I see. Do you remember how surprised she looked when you showed up on stage?
Kanon: She was nervous, but still trying so hard to sing... And that smile at the end was dazzling.
Chisato: Yes, it really was. I can still clearly picture that incredible smile she showed on stage.
Chisato: I'm very glad I accepted Himari-chan's request.
Kanon: I think I know what you mean.
Kanon: During our concerts, seeing how our music makes the audience smile so much makes me really glad to be performing.
Chisato: Oh? You might not be aware, but you don't just have that effect on stage. You've given me so much strength when you're off stage too.
Kanon: Really? Y-you're just saying that, right~?
Chisato: Fufu... Thank you for everything, Kanon.
Kanon: I should be the one thanking you.
Kanon: By the way, I'm thinking of signing up for the next singing contest.
Kanon: I know it'll take a bit of courage because it's a contest, and that means there'll be competition involved at times...
Kanon: But after seeing how this last one made both the contestants and the audience smile, I'm a bit interested in trying anyway.
Chisato: Fufu. In that case, I might have to make another special guest appearance.
Kanon: Y-you want to show up as a guest...?! Eep, that'll make me so nervous~...
Chisato: Really now? Even that little girl was able to sing very well despite her anxiety.
Kanon: Fue~, I need to start practicing now then~.
Chisato: Fufufu, I'm just teasing you.
Chisato: ... By the way, have you decided what you'd like to order?
Kanon: Ah... I-I'm sorry, I completely forgot about it because of our conversation. Um, I think I'll go with the flower petal tea and fondant au chocolat I originally planned to get.
Chisato: Fufu. then I'll order the same thing.
Chisato: Let's continue our chat once we've ordered.


<Because I Was at Her Side>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Residential Area]

Marina: All the shops were so crowded, huh? I wonder if it's because of the sales that are going on. At least we got the supplies we need. Let's head back to CiRCLE.
Marina: Hm? The person walking that dog...
Chisato: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Happy New Year.
Marina: Happy New Year! Going for a walk with Leon?
Chisato: Yes. It's been a while since I last had a full day off, so I thought it might be nice to spend some extra time together walking around.
Marina: I see. Just look at you sitting there so properly. Good boy~.
Marina: So, did you end up having to work during the New Year's holidays again?
Chisato: I did. There was some filming around the end of last year and an event at the start of this one.
Chisato: But it's not like I didn't get any time off. I even took part in the downtown singing contest.
Marina: Ah, I heard about that. You showed up on stage as a surprise guest, didn't you?
Chisato: Yes, although it was only briefly.
Marina: I also heard Himari-chan's emceeing was really entertaining and helped make everything exciting.
Chisato: It was defintitely a nice contest, and she did an excellent job as the host.
Chisato: I know how much preparation she did to try to make the event successful, so I'm glad her work paid off.
Marina: I really wish I could've gone~. I'd heard about the contest, but I had things to take care of.
Marina: It would've been great to be able to see Himari-chan emceeing too~. I can tell how much fun it must've been just by thinking about it.
Chisato: Fufufu. You should've seen how she turned a bit of an unforeseen incident into something for everyone to enjoy. It was quite admirable, really.
Marina: What's this about an incident?
Chisato: During Michelle and Marie's turn to perform, Kokoro-chan suddenly got up on stage to join them.
Chisato: When I saw what had happened, even I felt anxious.
Marina: Ahaha, I can see how that would've come as a surprise.
Chisato: Himari-chan seemed to panic initially, but she thought on her feet and made it all part of the performance.
Marina: Huh, that's some quick thinking and great emceeing on her part.
Chisato: Yes, quite.
Marina: ... Fufu. Have you noticed, Chisato-chan? You've had this really nice smile on your face this whole time.
Chisato: I have?
Marina: It really shows how happy you are that everything worked out for Himari-chan.
Chisato: ... I wonder if it might be because I was at her side all along and saw how much work she was putting in.
Marina: Fufu... After hearing you talk about it, I really wish I could've been there to see Himari-chan emcee~... Oh well~.
Marina: Ah, I just had an idea! I can just plan a contest or event of some kind at CiRCLE that would be a way for the various bands to get to know each other even better!
Chisato: That sounds wonderful. If you decide to go through with it, I would very much appreciate it if you could invite me.
Marina: Of course! I'm going to do some brainstorming once I get back! You'll let me know if you come up with any good ideas, right, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: ... Ah. Looks like Leon's eager to be on the move again.
Chisato: It seems that way. It's probably because he's had enough rest.
Chisato: I think it's time we continue our stroll then. I look forward to another year with both of you.
Marina: Same here. I hope to see you around again at CiRCLE this year! Take care!
