1414_Chisato Shirasagi_R2 Spreading Passion

<Celebrating on a Day Off>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Downtown]

Chisato: (Today is my first day off in a while. How long has it been since I was last able to relax like this?)
Chisato: (I've been so busy lately with practicing for the concert, so perhaps I'll go to Hazawa Coffee and read a book or something...)
Tae: Hello, Chisato-senpai.
Chisato: ... Oh, Tae-chan. Hello.
Tae: Are you shopping as well? If you'd like, why don't we shop together?
Chisato: Unfortunately, I'm not shopping today. Are you not here with Kasumi-chan and the others?
Tae: Apparently they have some things to take care of. That's why I thought I'd go out to pass the time.
Chisato: I see. That's a shame.
Tae: So, where are you going, Chisato-senpai?
Chisato: I am on my way to Hazawa Coffee. It's my first day off in a while, so I want to relax.
Tae: I see. Well then, shall we get going?
Chisato: Umm, Tae-chan...? Weren't you going shopping?
Tae: I only came out to kill time, so it doesn't matter where I go. Let's go together.
Chisato: Okay, I guess I don't mind...
Tae: Yay! If we go now, it'll be about lunchtime. What should I eat~? What're you gonna get?
Chisato: ... Let me see. I had a late breakfast, so I think I'll have something light.
Tae: Something light... like a Hamburg steak set meal?
Chisato: I think that's fairly heavy, don't you?
Tae: Ah. By the way, I listened to Pastel＊Palettes' new song.
Chisato: Thank you.
Tae: It was different from your usual songs, so I felt like I saw a brand new Pastel＊Palettes.
Tae: Your sound seemed to bounce, and it also sounded like you were heading towards something...
Tae: Were you all attempting some sort of challenge?
Chisato: ...
Chisato: Yes... in a sense, I suppose we were.
Chisato: To tell you the truth, we had a different song at first, but then some things happened and there was talk of switching songs... So we had to make a decision.
Chisato: Of course, we knew that switching songs would make things harder on our schedules. However, we still chose to do so.
Tae: ...? How come?
Chisato: Good question... I guess we might have wanted to see what we would find after attempting such a challenge.
Chisato: And I believe that we were not mistaken in our decision.
Chisato: When we debuted it on stage, it was so much fun. I'm so glad we were able to show a new side of Pastel＊Palettes.
Tae: I see! In that case, we also have to order cake today.
Chisato: Umm... Why cake?
Tae: To celebrate your success.
Tae: When you succeed at something, you have to celebrate. What kind of cake would you like?
Chisato: It seems you've already made up your mind about us eating cake...
Chisato: But... you're right. This may indeed be cause for celebration.
Chisato: Let's have some cake then.
Tae: Well then, let's hurry! Chisato-senpai, come on!
Chisato: Oh, Tae-chan...
Chisato: (I was planning on taking it easy today, but... it seems like that's no longer possible.)
Tae: Chisato-senpai~!
Chisato: I'm coming right now, so please don't call out my name so loudly.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: (Although, I suppose it can be nice to have days like this every now and then.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Paths I Can See Now>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Inside the Station]

Chisato: Hello, {{userName}}-san. Are you going somewhere?
Chisato: I have an assignment after this.
Chisato: It has to do with our new song that was released the other day...
Chisato: Ah... Fufu. So you've already listened to it. Thank you very much.
Chisato: I'm glad to hear you enjoyed it.
Chisato: Did you know we were already in the middle of learning a different new song when we ended up switching to it?
Chisato: The person that provided the first song wanted us to play a different one... Fufu, I was quite surprised when it happened.
Chisato: I never doubted which one to choose though. The lack of hesitation was rather moving, honestly.
Chisato: My past self would never have thought of changing songs because it would've been safer to not do so.
Chisato: But somewhere along the line, I found I had become capable of considering other paths.
Chisato: It's probably because my experiences have taught me that some things cannot be experienced by sticking to the safe path.
Chisato: That being said, I think the choice I made this time around was a fairly bold one.
Chisato: It was doubtful whether or not we would make it on schedule.
Chisato: However... I still wanted to give it a try because I wanted to find out where challenging ourselves would take us.
Chisato: Fufu, if my past self knew about this, I'm sure she would be shocked.
Chisato: Even now, I'm continuing to change, and this wouldn't be possible if I hadn't joined Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: A part of me... looks forward to seeing how I'll change in the future.
Chisato: There's no doubt in my mind that I owe this feeling to everyone in Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: ... I'm truly grateful to them.
Chisato: Ah, I'm sorry. It's almost time for my train...
Chisato: Thank you very much for listening to what I had to say. Now then, I'll be going.
