1486_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: This animal is apparently supposed to be a Tibetan sand fox.

<A Familiar Klutz>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Dressing Room]

Eve: The main topic of animal life that was covered during filming today was very worthwhile.
Chisato: Quite. I learned a lot of things I never knew... Hm?
Maya: What is it?
Chisato: Aya-chan, you still have the sketchbook we used for the show...
Aya: Oops, you're right! I forgot to go return it~!
Hina: You never disappoint, Aya-chan! You said wouldn't cause Chisato-chan trouble on her birthday, but you managed to fail in the end. Luck's on your side~♪
Aya: Ngh~... I'll go return it before leaving...
Chisato: Fufufu, fufu.
Eve: Chisato-san, is everything okay? You look like you're trying not to laugh.
Chisato: I just remembered a clay animation that I've been watching recently. Here's a video. Have you seen this?
Eve: Is the main character... a fox?
Chisato: This animal is apparently supposed to be a Tibetan sand fox.
Maya: Huhehe, there's something charming about how listless it looks!
Aya: The expressions are so detailed! I can't believe it's all done with just clay.
Hina: Wow~, this is so fun~! Hey, hey, the way it choked on a nut because it was hurrying was like Aya-chan, wasn't it?
Aya: What~?! I've never grimaced like that before!
Maya: By the way, Chisato-san, I'm surprised you're into animation. Did something happen to trigger the interest?
Chisato: There wasn't a trigger per se... It was just something I stumbled across while looking for videos to help with my acting.
Chisato: I started watching them on a whim during my spare time, and you could say it was the absurdity that hooked me.
Maya: I see. The short length does make them perfect for watching when there's time to kill.
Aya: Let's watch some on our way back to the agency then!
Hina: Hey~, we need to hurry back to celebrate Chisato-chan's birthday~! I mean, we do have her cake waiting too~!
Aya: Ahh! You're not supposed to say that yet, Hina-chan!
Chisato: Fufu, now I'm excited to return to the agency. However, Aya-chan, let's go and return that sketchbook together first, shall we?


<Similarities with Acquaintances?>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Park]

Tae: Hi, Chisato-senpai. Is it your day off today?
Chisato: Oh, hello. Yes, unfortunately, something suddenly came up on the other end. What about you, Tae-chan?
Tae: I have practice in the basement, but I've been taking a walk since there's still time.
Chisato: I see. Just be careful not to be late, okay?
Tae: Ah! Chisato-senpai!
Chisato: Y-yes?
Tae: Happy Birthday! I heard from Eve the other day.
Tae: I'm sorry, I didn't expect to bump into you here... Let me run home and grab your present!
Chisato: No, no, just the thought is enough.
Chisato: My bandmates already gave me a present, and they even held a birthday party for me.
Tae: Huh~, what was the party like?
Chisato: We had cake and chatted. It was very nice, really.
Chisato: Oh, and everyone celebrated with party poppers, but Aya-chan's was the only one that didn't work. Even that was very her... Fufufu.
Chisato: The way she panicked was exactly like a character in this clay animation that I've been watching recently.
Chisato: It's this character here.
Tae: Hm...? Oh, you're right! The panicking one does look like Aya-senpai!
Tae: Is it modeled after her?
Chisato: Fufu. Hina-chan said that, too, actually. I doubt Aya-chan is the model, but the way this character tries so hard even when things go wrong does remind me of her.
Tae: Now that you mention it... Fufu, fufufu.
Chisato: The clay animation's absurd setting gives it a charm that draws you in, don't you think?
Tae: Ah! The animal next to Aya-senpai kind of reminds me of Kasumi!
Chisato: Oh, the chipmunk. Is it the energy and constant scurrying?
Tae: Yeah! There's also one that's like you, as well, Chisato-senpai.
Chisato: Like me?
Tae: The one that was next to the chipmunk... Um, this one! The hedgehog!
Chisato: Really now? What made you think of me?
Tae: The way it pays attention to what's happening and goes around helping others.
Chisato: Fufu, I never looked at it that way. Some rewatching might be in order.
Tae: I'll also try watching with everyone during practice. Thanks for telling me about this animation.
Chisato: You don't need to thank me. I did get some enjoyment out of our little chat, after all.
Tae: No, no, thank you for the company. I'll message you my thoughts after I've seen it!
Chisato: Okay. I'll be looking forward to it.
Tae: Alright, I'm off to basement practice~. Bye~.
