1500_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Brilliant History

Gacha phrase: Let's both move forward as we work through our struggles.

<Even during a Trip>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hotel - Room]

Chisato: Dinner at the hotel was quite delectable. The subtle taste of the dried bean curd was exceptionally exquisite.
Sayo: All of the dishes fit the image of Kyoto. I look forward to tomorrow too.
Kanon: On another note, Aya-chan was at a different table, but we could hear her voice all the way from where we were, huh?
Rinko: Yes... It sounded like she was enjoying herself.
Chisato: I was talking to a girl from another group who mentioned she could hear Aya-chan, too.
Chisato: My goodness. But I suppose it's good she's enjoying herself.
Rinko: Fufu...
Kanon: We are on a school trip, after all! All of us want to have fun.
Sayo: For the sake of having a good time, I wanted to suggest that we sleep early tonight... But it is indeed much too early.
Rinko: We still have... quite a bit of time... until lights out... What should we do...?
Kanon: Hmm. We could play some games, but relaxing and talking sounds nice, too.
Sayo: Yes. But either way, we cannot stay up too late...
Chisato: In that case, would it be alright if I finish my usual routine first? Everyone should follow suit and recover from the day's stress and fatigue.
Rinko & Kanon: Routine...?
Sayo: Shirasagi-san, do you have a nightly routine you follow before going to sleep?
Chisato: Yes...I do stretches and massages and such. I'm sure all of you have a routine of your own, right?
Kanon: Not really. I don't do anything in particular. I just watch videos of jellyfish and penguins before I go to sleep.
Rinko: Me, too... I usually read or play games... But otherwise, I don't do anything special...
Sayo: I stretch my hands and fingers after practice as a cool down... but I wouldn't go so far as to call it a routine.
Kanon: If you don't mind... Chisato-chan, I want to hear what your usual nightly routine is like.
Rinko: I am... also interested... I would love to hear about it.
Chisato: Really? Since we have this opportunity, why don't we all do the routine together?
Sayo: Yes, please.
Chisato: Okay, we'll start with a simple set of stretches. First, you have to be in a sitting position and straighten your back. Then, relax your neck, shoulders, and arms in that order.
Sayo: I see... This relieves tension and helps you relax. We all might get a better night's sleep by doing this...
Chisato: You guessed it, Sayo-chan. Yes, then just like that, stretch your back out slowly...
Chisato: Next, put your hands together behind your back and take a deep breath. Breathe in... breathe out...
Rinko: B-breathe in... breathe out...
Chisato: You're doing great. Now, open both your legs out to the sides and lean forward. Then, stretch your arms and bring your palms to your toes.
Rinko: M-my palms... can't reach... my toes...
Kanon: M-mine neither... This is quite the intense stretch, Chisato-chan...
Chisato: Both of you are doing fine. Just breathe out slowly and stretch as far as you can. Try to reach a little further bit by bit.
Kanon: Slowly, slowly... Reach as far as I can...
Rinko: Breathe in... breathe out...
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Chisato: ... Now, we're done with one set of stretches. When I have time, I usually do one set more...
Rinko: O-one more set of these...? I... I'm already out of breath...
Sayo: Me, too... The stretches seem simple, but they prove to be rather arduous once you try them...
Kanon: Chisato-chan, do you do this much stretching every single day?
Chisato: No, there is indeed not enough time to do this every day. Usually, I just do some basic stretches and call it a day.
Chisato: I only do more elaborate stretches like these before a big performance or if I have a lot of time to spare. I wish I could do them daily, though...
Sayo: You never fail to impress, Shirasagi-san.
Rinko: Yes, you really are incredible...
Chisato: Oh, it's really not that big of a deal. Once you get used to it, it's actually quite effective. It helps calm the nerves.
Chisato: Alright, shall we move on to the next part?
Kanon: Next...? Are you saying there's more?
Chisato: Yes. Up until now, we've been doing stretching for relaxation. Next, we have to do some beauty massages.
Sayo, Rinko & Kanon: ...!
Chisato: First, we'll start with a foot massage. Your feet are the foundation of everything you do. You have to make sure they don't swell up.
Chisato: After that, we can play some relaxing music and practice belly breathing. And while we're at it, why don't we add in some light yoga, too?
Sayo: There's still that much left to do?
Rinko: I'm questioning if we can finish all this in one night...
Kanon: Fuee~!
Chisato: A-as... if. I'm kidding, just kidding.
Chisato: (... Perhaps I may have been overzealous.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<The Best School Trip>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Residential Area]

Chisato: Oh? If it isn't... Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Chisato-chan! Hello. Are you heading home from school?
Chisato: Yes. I was helping Aya-chan out with her school trip report and left a little later than usual.
Marina: Fufu. That's right, you guys went on your school trip the other day. How was it?
Chisato: We had a fabulous time. I might even be able to call it the best school trip I've ever had.
Marina: The best? Now that's something else...!
Chisato: Fufu. It may sound like an exaggeration, but it really was the first time I've been able to thoroughly enjoy a school trip.
Chisato: Ever since I was young, I've been involved in the entertainment business, and more often than not, I've had to skip out on school events...
Chisato: Of course, I went on all the school excursions. But since I hadn't attended most of the other school events, I always felt distant from my classmates.
Marina: I see... I guess it's true that building up memories at school events first makes going on school trips together more meaningful.
Chisato: Yes. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that I didn't enjoy those trips.
Chisato: I made some good memories back then, too. It's just that... the school trip this time went above and beyond.
Chisato: ... Having said that, it's not like we did anything special. We just walked around the city and chatted about all sorts of things... That was pretty much it.
Marina: Fufu. The fact that you could enjoy talking about mundane things with your friends proves that you have many memories built up with them.
Chisato: I think so, too.
Chisato: I'm really thankful to have had such a busy and productive career... But perhaps I was too focused on work in the past.
Chisato: But this time, I could enjoy the school trip to my heart's content... I have Aya-chan to thank since we've spent so much time together in Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: And there was also Kanon, Sayo-chan, and Rinko-chan... A big part of why the trip was so great was because I was with a group of friends I'm particularly close with.
Chisato: Perhaps this is a bit of an exaggeration... but this trip made me realize how glad I am to be part of a band!
Marina: That means that your band activities have positively influenced your school life. That's really wonderful.
Chisato: Fufu. If the opportunity arises, I would love to go on a trip with members of the other bands, too.
Chisato: I'm sure we'd be able to make remarkable memories that differ from the school trip I just had.
Chisato: And if that does happen, please join us!
Marina: Fufu. Why, of course!
Chisato: Thank you. I'm looking forward to it, then.
Chisato: ... Look at us talking here for so long. Sorry for taking up so much of your time.
Chisato: Thank you for listening to me. Anyway, please excuse me. I'll be on my way.
