1522_Chisato Shirasagi_R3 Doggie Coming Through

<The #1 Rule of Table Manners>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Chisato: Good morning. I look forward to working with you today-
Eve: Here are your hors d'oeuvres. Please enjoy them.
Aya: Uhm... The knife and fork should be placed on the inside, right?
Eve: They should be on the outside. And there's a certain way you have to place them when eating, too...
Chisato: What are you two doing? Why are all these pens and pencils lined up on the table?
Aya: Ah, Chisato-chan. Good morning! We are practicing dining etiquette.
Chisato: Dining etiquette... I see. Is this in preparation for Sasazuka-san's wedding party?
Aya: Yeah! I don't have much experience eating at formal occasions, and I don't want to embarrass myself.
Eve: Aya-san asked me for help, so I'm here to practice with her!
Eve: I am in no way an expert, but I thought I could impart the knowledge I do have...
Aya: You know so much, Eve-chan! Having to remember all these table manners is quite a lot of work...
Chisato: Aya-chan, we're going to a wedding party, not a reception. I don't think you need to worry so much about it.
Eve: I already told her that...
Aya: I know, I know, but I'm still kinda nervous about it! I looked up table-manner fails, and there were so many.
Aya: Just look at this one! It says, "Don't embarrass yourself by drinking the water from the finger bowl."
Chisato: Ahh... That would indeed be embarrassing if you did that. I suppose there's no harm in learning, just in case.
Aya: Right? If I didn't know that, I'm sure I would've drank from the finger bowl~.
Aya: And... Uhm... What even is a finger bowl?
Eve: A finger bowl is a small bowl of water that is brought to the table along with the meal.
Aya: Huh? You can't drink it even though it's water?
Chisato: The water is not for drinking but for washing your fingers.  You use it when there's food that requires using your hands to eat, such as lobster with the shell on or fruits.
Eve: It's not common to use a finger bowl in Japan, so many people don't know about it.
Chisato: It may be hard to tell because the bowl can come in varying shapes and sizes. But if it's brought together with your meal, it's safe to say it's the finger bowl.
Aya: Wow, thanks~! Chisato-chan!
Aya: Ah, then can you also explain this one to me? This post says, "I was given a look when I folded my napkin nicely after finishing my meal." ... What's wrong with that?
Aya: I thought folding your napkin nicely would be the polite thing to do...
Chisato: It is considered proper to either fold the napkin loosely after eating or leave it completely unfolded.
Chisato: If you fold your napkin nicely, it implies that the meal was not good or that you were unsatisfied with it.
Eve: As one would expect, Chisato-san, you are like a dining etiquette teacher!
Chisato: You're exaggerating, Eve-chan. I just had the opportunity to learn, that's all.
Aya: Okay, it's decided, then! I'm gonna make sure to study up on table manners before the day of the party!
Aya: I know you said I don't have to worry about it, Chisato-chan... But I really don't want to embarrass myself and put everyone in an awkward situation!
Eve: Right! I should brush up on my table manners, too!
Chisato: Fufu, you two sure are motivated. If my knowledge would suffice, I could teach you what I know when we have time.
Aya: Is that okay? That would totally help~!
Eve: Thank you very much, Chisato-san!
Chisato: Fufu, it's fine. Studying etiquette is necessary in our line of work anyway.
Chisato: But to start with, do you know what the most important thing is when it comes to table manners?
Aya: Huh? The most important thing...? What would that be...?
Chisato: It's to enjoy your meal.
Aya: Huh, that's it? That's the most important thing?
Chisato: Yes. Manners are important, of course. But don't get too caught up in them. The whole point of table manners is to ensure everyone can pleasantly enjoy a meal together.
Chisato: But don't you think it would be a waste if you were so preoccupied with proper manners that you couldn't even appreciate the taste of the food?
Chisato: As long as you follow basic table manners, you can just enjoy the meal as you normally would. I mean, it's not every day we get to attend a fun party.
Eve: You are right! I'm sure the chefs who prepared the food would be happier too!
Chisato: Indeed. Not to mention, I think Sasazuka-san would rather we enjoy the event.
Aya: I see. You have a point! Okay, I'm great at enjoying meals! You can leave that part to me!
Chisato: My goodness, Aya-chan.
Aya: Chisato-sensei, please impart your knowledge to me!
Chisato: Fufu, okay. Let's work hard so we can enjoy the party as much as possible.


<Leon and I>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Riverside]

Marina: Huh? Isn't that Chisato-chan over there? Looks like she's with Leon.
Marina: Hello, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Oh, if it isn't Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Chisato: Come on, Leon, you should greet them too.
Marina: Awww~! What a good doggy you are, Leon. Are you two taking a walk right now?
Chisato: Yes, I was supposed to go to a recording this afternoon, but it was rescheduled to the evening at the studio's convenience.
Chisato: Since I have this unexpected free time, I thought I'd take Leon to the park.
Marina: I see. Fufu, it looks like Leon is happy about it.
Chisato: I'm also glad to have time to go on a walk with him. Aww, Leon, don't snuggle into my leg like that. It tickles.
Marina: Fufu, he loves you very much.
Chisato: We've been together since we were young, so we're family to each other.
Chisato: Fufu, that takes me back... Leon was so naughty when he was a puppy...
Marina: Really~? That's unexpected. He's such a good boy now.
Chisato: He would often destroy the curtains and the carpets. And when I would take him to a big park, he would run off if I lost my grip on the leash for even just a second.
Marina: Wow, that must have been rough. Once a dog decides to run, there's no way a human can chase after them.
Chisato: Yes. I had a really hard time back then...
Chisato: That reminds me. Something similar happened quite recently.
Marina: Huh?! Leon ran off?
Chisato: Oh no, it wasn't Leon... it was our variety program director's pet.
Chisato: This director invited us to her wedding party the other day.
Chisato: Her dog was at the party as the dog ring bearer, and it dashed out while we were in the waiting room.
Marina: Hmm, a dog ring bearer? That's when the dog brings the rings out for the ring exchange, right?
Chisato: Yes. The party wouldn't have been able to go as planned without the dog ring bearer...
Chisato: And so, all of Pastel＊Palettes desperately chased after the dog... It made me think back to when Leon did the same kind of thing when he was a puppy.
Marina: That must've been stressful for everyone. Did it all turn out okay in the end?
Chisato: Yes, we were able to bring the dog back before the ring exchange started, and it carried out its job as the dog ring bearer.
Marina: Really~? I'm relieved to hear that! I guess that dog must've been happy to play an important role on the day of its owner's wedding.
Chisato: Yes, you may be right. I'm sure that dog is very loved. It must have enjoyed being there as a part of the family on such an important occasion.
Chisato: Ah. I'm so sorry to have kept you. I started reminiscing and ended up talking on and on...
Marina: No, don't worry about it. We're happy we got to have a nice chat with you! I hope you and Leon have a good walk.
Chisato: Thank you. We'll be on our way now.
