1594_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 The Flower I See

Gacha phrase: (... Fireworks are fleeting. Just like summer, they come and they pass you by.)

<May Our Paths Shine Brightly>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: Welcome~.
Kaoru: Greetings. Could I trouble you for a cup of coffee?
Tsukushi: Ah, Kaoru-senpai! Yes, of course! This way, please.
Kaoru: Thank you. How lucky am I to be seated next to a window on such a beautiful day. Oh my, and next to me just happens to be...
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: Hello, there, Chisato. What a surprise meeting you here... Then again, maybe this is fate.
Kaoru: The goddess of fate has brought our paths together. Ah, yes... How fleeting this day is.
Kaoru: I shall compose a poem about the joys of meeting you...
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: ... Chisato?
Chisato: Hrm? Oh, Kaoru? You came too?
Kaoru: ... Yes. I just arrived.
Kaoru: You seem engrossed in your phone. May I ask what you're looking at?
Chisato: It's a video of Pastel＊Palettes's show.
Chisato: Something caught my attention... I was looking for ways to improve my performance.
Kaoru: I see... Something "caught" your attention.
Chisato: Yes, something "caught" my attention.
Kaoru: ... It must have been something truly noteworthy for it to have "caught" such a mind.
Kaoru: By the way, are you available next weekend?
Chisato: ... If you're going to ask if someone's free, it'd be nice if you mentioned why first.
Kaoru: My apologies. You're absolutely right. I'm asking because...
Kaoru: Hello, Happy World! is having a show on the weekend.
Kaoru: I would like to invite you if I may.
Chisato: To Hello, Happy World!'s show...?
Kaoru: Yes. No matter where in the world you're from, if you come to our shows, they will put a smile on your face.
Kaoru: Excitement, joy, and fleetingness packed into a treasure chest and delivered to the audience... That is what a Hello, Happy World! show is.
Chisato: ... Hello, Happy World!'s performances certainly do give the impression that they subvert the audience's expectations, but in a good way.
Kaoru: In other words, Hello, Happy World!'s possibilities are limitless. Surely that wonderful smile of yours would shine even brighter!
Chisato: ... Maybe you're right. I'll come to the show. Would you let me know the details once they've been decided?
Kaoru: Yes, of course... Fufu...
Chisato: What is it?
Kaoru: Forgive me. It's just that you are not normally this prompt to accept such invitations.
Chisato: ... Yes, I guess haven't been.
Kaoru: Fufu... I suppose that means you are changing somewhat.
Chisato: The members of Pastel＊Palettes have genuinely influenced me. It's nothing deeper than that.
Chisato: They've made me realize once again that I have to keep working hard too.
Kaoru: Is that so...? As you influence one another, you each sparkle with even more intensity...
Kaoru: Oh, how deliciously fleeting that is...!
Chisato: ... Setting aside whether it is fleeting or not, all I know is that now, more than ever, I'm just going to do what I need to do.
Kaoru: I suppose I can expect great things from the next Pastel＊Palettes show, then.
Chisato: Yes. I'm excited about Hello, Happy World!'s next show too.
Chisato: ... Oh, it's this time already?
Kaoru: Hm? Do you have plans after this?
Chisato: I have a rehearsal at the talent agency.
Kaoru: I see. Well, I'm happy we could enjoy such a nice time together.
Kaoru: I shall pray that you shine even brighter in the future and watch over you as you go.
Chisato: Thank you. Goodbye.


<Reflections on a Passing Season>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Good work. It's so hot out again today~.
Marina: Hrm? You see someone over there...? Hey~, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Ah... Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi.
Marina: Hi, yourself. Taking a break at the café?
Chisato: Yes. I was also writing back to my talent agency...
Chisato: As I was thinking of what to write, I could hear the cicadas chirping.
Chisato: It made me feel the summer. I closed my eyes and just listened.
Marina: That happens, doesn't it? It's so strange~. They make you feel different things depending on when you hear them too.
Marina: Like, if you hear them in the afternoon, they make the day feel so much hotter. But when you hear them in the evening, they make things feel cooler.
Chisato: I know what you mean. When I hear them in the evening, it kind of feels like it's the end of summer.
Chisato: I actually felt the same way the other day when I was filming at a fireworks festival.
Marina: Was that the one just on TV recently? It was really interesting.
Chisato: Fufu. Thank you.
Chisato: After filming, we went around the stalls and watched the fireworks.
Marina: Really~? I bet the fireworks looked really pretty from there.
Chisato: Yes, very much so. But fireworks are fleeting too. They shine brightly only for a moment, and then they're gone...
Chisato: I thought of the end of summer as I watched the fireworks.
Chisato: The idea that it will end... made me feel a little melancholy.
Marina: Yeah, I know what you mean. Maybe you don't want it to end because you made some good memories.
Chisato: Good memories... That may be it.
Chisato: We saw five-colored fireworks light up the night sky. That moment was so beautiful...
Chisato: I don't think I'll ever forget seeing that.
Marina: Yeah, I bet it'll stay with you forever.
Chisato: I hope so. This summer is going to end, but I think there are going to be many more fun things for me to experience in the future.
Chisato: And we all promised to go to a fireworks festival together next year too.
Marina: Really~? That'll be fun. Fall, winter, and beyond that, I bet plenty of good times are headed your way.
Chisato: Fufu. I'm sure you're right. It's a waste of time feeling sad about summer coming to an end.
Chisato: I want to enjoy and treasure every season.
