1613_Chisato Shirasagi_R3 Envy and Smiles

<How to Keep You to Ourselves>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Photo Studio]

Staff: ... Okay, good work. The two of you can take a quick break!
Maya: Understood. Thank you very much~!
Chisato: Then we shall take our break now.
Maya: ... I'm so glad this shoot looks like it will end smoothly~. Thank you for your hard work, Chisato-san.
Chisato: Fufu. Thank you as well, Maya-chan. I'm looking forward to the magazine's release date.
Chisato: By the way... does this studio have a vending machine somewhere? I'd like to buy a drink while we have time.
Maya: Umm, if I'm not mistaken, you go out into the hallway and take a left... Actually, I'll take you there.
Chisato: Oh, are you sure?
Maya: Yes. I also wanted to get a drink in preparation for our studio work later.
Chisato: That's so helpful. Thank you, Maya-chan.
Maya: Not at all. Well then, let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Photo Studio - Hallway]

Chisato: If I remember correctly... Haneoka's school excursion is coming up soon, right?
Maya: Yes, it should be. It does feel like it's a bit early for that though...
Chisato: Fufu, right. I felt the same way, but once I went on the trip, it was over in no time at all.
Maya: Well, who knows what will happen?
???: Huh? Maya-chan?
Chisato: ...?
Maya: ... H-huh? You're from BUT...! It's been such a long time~!
Maya: I haven't seen you since we had that joint concert with RBG long ago! So, umm~... Ohh, how many years has it been?!
BUT Member: Fufu. At any rate, it's been quite a while. You really were so helpful during our recordings.
Maya: No, no. If anything, you took such good care of me~. What brings you here today?
BUT Member: I came out to take some new promotional photos for the band. Judging by your outfit... I'm guessing you're working.
Maya: Yes! Today I have a magazine shoot with Chisato-san... Agh! I-I'm sorry for not introducing you, Chisato-san...!
Chisato: Fufu. I don't mind. This is an acquaintance of yours... right?
Maya: Yes. They were very helpful to me back when I was a session musician...
Chisato: It's nice to meet you. I'm Chisato Shirasagi.
Chisato: I've been performing with Yamato-san in a band called Pastel＊Palettes.
BUT Member: Wow, it's the real Chisato-chan. I see you in dramas a lot~.
Chisato: Ohh, so you've been watching my performances? I'm so flattered. Thank you very much♪
BUT Member: Not at all. Still... it must be nice being in the same group as Maya-chan. She's really dependable, isn't she?
Chisato: Why, yes, she is. I'm always surprised not only by her performances, but by her abundance of knowledge as well.
BUT Member: Mhm. She's also really thoughtful, even when it comes to minor things... And she's cute to boot!
Maya: What...? Surely the two of you are joking...
Chisato: Oh, I didn't mean it as a joke though.
BUT Member: Ditto. After all, you're now part of an on the rise idol band. Aww, if I knew this was gonna happen, I would've asked you to join our band.
Maya: Umm, uhh~...
Chisato: ...
BUT Member: Say. It's not too late now. Would you form a band with me?
Maya: Ahaha, there you go again~...
Chisato: ... Oh dear. Maya-chan, if we don't hurry, our break time will end. Could I ask you to continue leading the way?
Maya: Huh?! Agh, that's right! Excuse me, I'll be going now.
BUT Member: I see. That's a shame. But I'm glad I ran into you. See you, Maya-chan.
Maya: Right! Let's definitely meet again~!
(Black cut)
Chisato: Thank you for coming with me. Thanks to you, I avoided getting lost in the studio.
Maya: Not at all... More importantly, I'm sorry for before. Seeing them was so nostalgic that I got lost in the conversation.
Chisato: About that... I'm the one who should be apologizing to you.
Chisato: We actually still have plenty of our break time left.
Maya: What?! But you just said that we needed to hurry...
Chisato: Right. I'm sorry to have cut your conversation short. But you're a precious member of our band, so...
Chisato: I didn't want to let anyone lure you away.
Maya: ... A-ahh! So that's what that was! You don't have to worry. I won't be going anywhere~!
Chisato: ... Fufu. I'm happy to hear that. Well then, why don't we head back to the studio?


<Rhythm Section Pride>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Chisato: Good day. I have a reservation for Shirasagi.
Marina: Welcome. You're all clear to head into the studio. It's just you today, right, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Yes, that's right.
Marina: Then you're here for some hardcore solo practice.
Chisato: I am. Our next concert is coming up soon... So I thought it would be best to practice now that I have some quality time.
Marina: Ooh~, you're so motivated.
Chisato: Fufu, you may be right. I can't afford to disappoint Maya-chan, after all.
Marina: Maya-chan?
Chisato: Yes. I had the chance to hear a story about her from Masuki-chan the other day.
Chisato: In the story, she was different from the Maya-chan I've seen in Pastel＊Palettes... It was the version of her when she was a professional musician.
Marina: Oh, right. She worked as a professional drummer before she joined your band.
Chisato: Right. Ever since then, she's had beliefs about performing and the ability to see them through.
Chisato: She's a true professional... That was the overwhelming impression I got.
Chisato: I'm sure that there may be something only she understands, something only she feels as she adjusts to our music.
Chisato: That's why, as part of the rhythm section... I wanted to be able to understand that if even just a little.
Marina: Ahh... So that's what you mean. I don't think that's a problem...
Chisato: ... Fufu, right. Maya-chan likely isn't the type of person to think something like that.
Chisato: I'm sure the truth is that I'm somewhat jealous.
Chisato: As fellow pro musicians, it seems that Maya-chan and Masuki-chan connect on some level.
Chisato: And yet I'm the one that's been with her the longest... Doesn't that seem somewhat unfair?
Marina: Fufu. That must be the pride of those in the rhythm section... I guess.
Marina: Don't worry. You've got the look of a musician right now, too.
Chisato: Oh my, I'm so happy to hear that♪
Chisato: Well then... I will be borrowing the studio now. Thank you for listening to what I had to say.
Marina: Don't mention it. Good luck with practice!
