1648_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Dear Prince...

Gacha phrase: In that case... will you stay with me?

<Chisato Shirasagi's Feelings>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kanon: Phew~, finally. All of that's out of the way now... No more assignments to worry about.
Chisato: I'm done too. I have to say, the amount we had to deal with this time was a bit much.
Kanon: It was... I'm kind of exhausted. Chisato-chan, what do you think about resting a little before heading home?
Chisato: Okay. If we're doing that, we might as well reward ourselves by ordering something sweet for all the work we did on the assignments...
Kanon: You dropped something... Is this... a letter?
Chisato: ... Oh, so that's where I put it in between.
Kanon: It doesn't look like it's been opened. You're the one who wrote it, right? Did you forget to send it?
Chisato: No, I just decided not to.
Kanon: Hm? Why? Oh, wait... Is it okay if I ask?
Chisato: ... Just so we're absolutely clear, this stays between you and me, okay?
Kanon: Alright.
Chisato: Remember how there was the Christmas play by Haneoka's theater club the other day?
Kanon: Mm-hmm! It was a really nice play too.
Chisato: Yes... it was quite well done.
Chisato: Well, you see, Rimi-chan and Himari-chan were preparing letters to give Kaoru on the day of the play.
Chisato: I happened to be there when they were working on them... and they suggested I write one too. That's how I ended up writing this letter.
Kanon: Oh, this letter is for Kaoru-san then...
Chisato: Yes. But after thinking about it, I decided against giving it to her.
Kanon: I see. Why though?
Chisato: Because-
Eve: Thank you for your patience. Here is your tea and cake of the day!
Kanon: Th-thank you, Eve-chan.
Chisato: Thank you. It smells lovely, as always.
Eve: Um, I'm sorry, Chisato-san. I overheard what you said...
Chisato: What? O-oh... About the letter?
Eve: Yes. I'm sorry.
Chisato: It's okay, Eve-chan! Just don't mention it to other people. It's... a little embarrassing.
Eve: Of course! Are you sure about not giving the letter though?
Eve: Ah... Did Kaoru-san's popularity make it difficult to find an opportunity to do so...?
Chisato: No, that wasn't why. Hmm... How should I put it...
Kanon: ... Probably because everything's okay now.
Eve: Okay?
Kanon: Mm-hmm. I don't know why she didn't give the letter...
Kanon: But... I think it's because there's no need to anymore. I mean, Chisato-chan looks like she's at ease now.
Kanon: Oh, um... this is just a hunch though...!
Chisato: At ease... It must've been showing on my face then.
Chisato: Kanon is correct. I simply decided it wasn't necessary anymore to give the letter.
Eve: Oh, okay...!
Chisato: Yes, so there's no need for you to worry about me.
Chisato: Not to mention, I made sure to let Kaoru know my feelings.
Chisato: Only in my own way... however.
Kanon: Well, that's good.
Eve: Very! Chisato-san, since you stated so clearly that you did, I am sure your feelings reached Kaoru-san!
Chisato: Thank you. I hope and would like to believe so.
Chisato: ... No, that's not quite right. Feelings can be conveyed and understood. That's what I believe.
Chisato: After all, I'm apparently a fairy godmother.
Eve: A... fairy godmother...?
Kanon: Um, what exactly do you mean...?
Chisato: Fufu, I'm sorry. I know that came out of nowhere, but I'd like to keep this one to myself for now since you're not supposed to reveal how your magic works.
Kanon & Eve: ...?
Chisato: By the way, there is something I'd like to convey to you, Eve-chan. Is it alright?
Eve: Y-yes! What is it?
Chisato: I would like to order another cake. May I?
Eve: ...Of course! I recommend the strawberry cake!
Chisato: That does sound appealing. I believe I'll have one then.
Kanon: Actually, could you make that two strawberry cakes? Fufu, I can't wait.
(Black cut)


<Chisato Shirasagi's Goal>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: Oh. Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Ah, Chisato-chan. Hi! Heading somewhere?
Chisato: Actually, no. I'm on my way back from the agency.
Chisato: I've had to do a lot of work before and after Christmas because I got Christmas itself off this year.
Marina: Oh. Well, hope it's not too rough.
Chisato: Thank you. Since I did get to fully enjoy Christmas, though, I need to make sure I work hard.
Marina: How admirable. Ah, speaking of Christmas...
Marina: I heard from Kaoru-san. So, the Haneoka theater club performed a Christmas play, huh?
Chisato: Yes. It was a great performance, with a lot of attention given to the details.
Chisato: I'm impressed they were able to put something like that together, especially considering it's almost entrance exam season...
Marina: Now that you mention it... it is that time of the year, isn't it...? That does make their accomplishment all the more impressive.
Chisato: Fufu. I have to say I'm really glad we got to witness the "Kaoru Seta" in that play.
Chisato: For Kaoru's sake, for the sake of her fans, and most importantly... so that I could make up my mind.
Marina: What do you mean?
Chisato: This is a bit embarrassing... but until the other day, I wasn't entirely certain about where to go after graduating.
Chisato: A faculty that would allow me to specialize in acting. The more highly-rated Keiho Women's University...
Chisato: The four-program at Yotsuba Women's University's Faculty of Letters, an option that would allow me to enroll in a greater variety of classes... Those were my choices.
Chisato: And I couldn't make up my mind because all of them had their advantages.
Marina: Really? Knowing you, I would've assumed you'd have already decided~.
Chisato: I didn't expect the choice to be that hard either. Part of the reason for that indecision may have been because I doubted myself.
Marina: You doubted yourself?
Chisato: From the start, I was drawn to Yotsuba Women's University.
Chisato: Although not as specialized, I could gain experience in a lot of areas thanks to its large population and the ease of taking classes from other faculties... However...
Chisato: Subconsciously, a part of me may have been thinking that I was making excuses for not specializing or aiming for a more highly-rated institution.
Chisato: I can now state with absolute certainty, though, that that was not the case.
Marina: Is that where Kaoru-san's performance comes into play?
Chisato: Yes. The Kaoru during the play truly embodied "Kaoru Seta."
Chisato: Dignified, elegant, and ever so showy. In other words, the usual "Kaoru Seta."
Chisato: But behind all that, I felt the presence of the Kaoru I used to know.
Chisato: The existence of what has changed and what hasn't changed is what makes "Kaoru Seta" so compelling.
Chisato: I realized that if I wanted to be her equal, I would have to broaden my experience and horizons.
Chisato: Just as Kaoru did through her encounters with theater and band... each of which will, in turn, continue leading to even more encounters...
Chisato: And I can confidently say now that the best way to do that is the choice I was initially drawn to.
Marina: I see. It looks like you have a clear vision of what your goal is now.
Marina: Both of us will keep rooting for you. I hope you get to encounter and discover lots of things at college!
Chisato: Thank you. It's something I've been seriously thinking about, so just hearing that from you means a lot.
Chisato: I know I'm still lacking in a lot of ways, but if I can have your continued support, it would really set my mind at ease!
Marina: Fufu, you'll always have it! Thanks for sharing something so important to you with us!
Chisato: And thank you very much for listening. See you.
(Black cut)
