1671_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Wash Away Frustrations

Gacha phrase: It's important to aim for the best result.

<Work Ethic Pt. 1>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: Chisato-chan, what do you think? Did we all sound good?
Chisato: Hmm, I'd like to try again from the chorus if possible...
Maya: Eve-san and I have a photo shoot to go to, so we need to leave soon...
Eve: Is it time already? That was so fast!
Aya: Chisato-chan, Hina-chan, you two have an interview for a magazine after this, right?
Chisato: ... Yes, that's right. We should finish up today and continue tomorrow.
Hina: Yeah, sounds good. Good job, everyone~.
Maya: We all worked harder than usual today.
Aya: Yeah! Our recording session starts next week, after all!
Eve: For the new Pastel＊Palettes album that the staff told about us the other day, right?
Aya: That's right! I can't wait for our fans to hear it~.
Maya: It'll be special since there are a lot of songs in this album that will inspire them to be courageous.
Hina: Wasn't the concept something like, "Songs of encouragement for those who need an extra push"?
Chisato: Yes. We're giving back to our fans who have supported us for so long. The album has to be the best it can possibly be.
Eve: Of course! Our feelings will certainly reach them! I did some mental concentration before practice, after all!
Maya: No wonder your sound was even more captivating than usual.
Hina: Yeah, your bushido was super-duper today too!
Eve: I have to remember this sensation until we record!
Aya: Mental concentration must be really important, huh~.
Chisato: Yes, indeed...
Aya: Chisato-chan...? Are you okay?
Chisato: ... I'm fine, I was just thinking about practice today.
Chisato: There's one part that I'm not satisfied with, but I'll make sure to perfect it before we record.
Aya: I see... Let me know if there's anything I can do to help!
Chisato: I will. Thank you, Aya-chan.
Aya: Ehehe... I should be worrying more about myself, though...
Hina: You did mess up the timing for the chorus a bunch of times today~.
Aya: I-I know... We had to start over a lot...
Hina: Ahaha, it's no biggie~. It was funny how off your timing was!
Aya: I-it's not funny~! I have to make sure I don't mess up when we record for real...
Hina: We can record as many times as we want though, so I don't think you need to worry about it.
Maya: Exactly. It'll be a waste if you get nervous and don't perform to your full potential.
Aya: I know, but getting it right on the first try would be so cool~.
Chisato: Aya-chan is right. As a professional, it's important to aim for the best result.
Chisato: A benefit of practicing every day is that you're not filled with worry by the time you have to perform.
Eve: As they say, "Where there is a will, there is a way"!
Aya: I see... I understand! Okay, I still have some time before my next gig, so I'll practice a bit more!
Chisato: Aya-chan, don't practice too much. You don't want to be late.
Aya: I'll be careful! Good luck with work, everyone!
Chisato: Alright, let's all do our best today.
Aya, Hina, Maya & Eve: Got it~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Day Before The Recording Session]

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Chisato: I hope it's not too late...
Chisato: (Work went well today... but I still want to practice some more...)
Chisato: (The recording session is tomorrow... The album has to be perfect, so I need to play more accurately.)
Chisato: (At this rate, I cannot record at my best...)
Aya: Oh, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: ...? Aya-chan?
Aya: Did you just finish work? Good job today!
Chisato: Yes, I did... but more importantly, why are you still here? It's so late.
Aya: Ehehe... I wasn't satisfied with part of the song, so I've been practicing!
Aya: The big day is tomorrow, so I want to do what I can.
Chisato: Fufu...
Aya: Hmm? Why are you giggling?
Chisato: It's nothing. I just thought that was very Aya-chan of you. Are you satisfied with that part now?
Aya: Yes, it's perfect now! I'm confident that our recording session will go well!
Aya: Are you going to greet the staff members now?
Chisato: Yes, that's how it usually goes.
Aya: Then I could wait for you until you're done~. Do you want to go home together?
Chisato: I wish I could... but it might take a while.
Chisato: You should go home early and get ready for tomorrow.
Aya: Okay~... I'll do that, then.
Chisato: Alright. Let's do our best tomorrow. You should get plenty of rest tonight.
Aya: Thank you! You too, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: ... Aya-chan is doing her best. I need to put in even more effort.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Work Ethic Pt. 2>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[After The Recording Session]

[Residential Area]

Chisato: Good job, everyone. Our recording session went well.
Maya: Once the mixdown is done, the CD will be complete in no time!
Eve: I cannot wait for the release date! I hope the fans will love it as much as we do.
Hina: We'll be doing a release event again, right? Yay~.
Chisato: Anyhow, we musn't forget Maya-chan and Hina-chan's amazing performance earlier.
Aya: Mhm, the both of you were so cool~.
Maya: Huhehe... I'm glad you think so!
Maya: I love performing live, of course, but being surrounded by all that equipment was certainly exciting.
Hina: You were talking up a storm with the staff members during our break~.
Aya: Hina-chan, you were having a lot of fun too, weren't you?
Hina: Hmm~? I was just mentally concentrating with Eve-chan~.
Chisato: That reminds me, the two of you were sitting cross-legged together... What were you up to?
Eve: We were meditating to calm ourselves down!
Hina: Yeah! I couldn't figure out how to clear my mind or whatever, but Maya-chan was hilarious~!
Eve: We asked Maya-san to be our monk.
Aya: Monk?
Maya: They told me to strike their shoulders if I saw them lose focus...
Chisato: I see... I remember you kept apologizing to Hina-chan for hitting her so many times...
Eve: Because of Hina-san and Maya-san's help, I was able to concentrate during our recording session!
Aya: You were so cool today, Eve-chan~.
Maya: Speaking of staying focused, Chisato-san played every song without a single mistake.
Eve: Indeed. Even the staff members said it was amazing!
Aya: During practice, you said there was something you weren't satisfied with, but I guess there was nothing to worry about!
Chisato: Fufu, doing what I can to minimize potential mistakes is part of being a professional.
Aya: You're incredible, Chisato-chan~. I wanted to do it perfectly too~...
Hina: Oh yeah, didn't you say you wanted to get it right on the first take?
Aya: I did... but I was too focused on getting the timing of the chorus right...
Hina: So you messed up the words instead, huh~?
Aya: Nghhh, Hina-chan...
Chisato: Aya-chan, you should be proud of yourself for getting it right the second time.
Maya: It's amazing how quickly you got over your mistakes and improved!
Aya: Y-you really think so...?
Hina: Yup, I didn't expect you'd recover after that mess~.
Aya: I-I don't know how to feel about that... but thank you, everyone~.
Eve: Fufu. And let us not forget that Aya-san conquered the part of the song she had trouble with!
Eve: It is proof of your unrivaled hard work and determination!
Maya: Huhehe, I agree! Besides, I heard you've been staying back in the agency every day to practice.
Aya: Wait, how'd you know?
Hina: A staff member told us between takes~.
Maya: Apparently, the lights in the rehearsal studio were on until late last night, too!
Aya: Oh, I see~.
Aya: ... Hmm? But I don't think I stayed back that long last night...
Aya: ... Oh!
Hina: What? Something wrong?
Chisato: Fufu. Aya-chan, you probably forgot how much time had passed because you were so focused on practicing.
Aya: ...? Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Right?
Aya: ...!
Eve: I see! Aya-san, it's amazing how focused you were that you lost track of time!
Aya: Yeah, yeah, that's it!
Chisato: Anyway, once the CD is complete, we have the release event to look forward to. We should start preparing as soon as possible.
Maya: You're right. We'll need to discuss what we want to say during the event.
Eve: Then let's go back to the agency and practice together!
Hina: Good idea~! What should we talk about~?
Aya: Fufu... Hey, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: Yes, Aya-chan?
Aya: You played really well today during the recording session. You must've practiced a lot...!
Aya: That's why you should get lots of rest tonight!
Chisato: Fufu... You too, Aya-chan. We can finally relax today.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
