1696_Chisato Shirasagi_R4 Graduation

<Messages from Underclassmen>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

Kasumi: Chisato-senpai! Ready, guys? We just wanna say~...
Poppin'Party: Congratulations on graduating!
Kasumi: You helped us with the decorations for our Christmas show, and not just that, but you've always looked out for us!
Arisa: On the way back from Eve's home party, you went to the trouble to come after me and talk, even though we weren't that close back then...
Arisa: It made me really happy.
Rimi: I had so much fun selling things at the flea market with Himari-chan, Hagumi-chan, Eve-chan, and you...! We should do it again one day!
Tae: Thank you for spending that day with me on that White Day when we had blank, white schedules.
Tae: Next time, I'll have Oddie join us. We can make it the best White Day ever.
Saya: Thank you for helping me when I was trying to find a new hobby. I'm really grateful.
Saya: Next time, please tell me more about that little sister of yours that you told me about before.
Kasumi: What~? Seriously~? I'm so jealous~!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, we're not done recording yet...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Himari: Chisato-san, congratulations on graduating!
Himari: You're so mature, cute, good at the bass, and so kind... When I was the emcee for the New Year's singing contest, you gave me a lot of advice. I was so happy!
Himari: I wanna help you next time, so please let me know if there's anything I can do! You can invite me to hang out, too, of course! I'll be waiting!
Ran: Shirasagi-san, congratulations on graduating.
Ran: When I took part in that flower arrangement event, you were there as a reporter... I can still remember how seriously you reported the event.
Ran: I think it's amazing how serious you are about everything. Having to balance idol work and being in college might be tough, but I wish you the best.
Moca: Chisato-san, congrats on your graduation~.
Moca: I was looking through photo albums and found a lot of pictures that Saya took. I'll show them to you next time~. There are so many wacky ones, so look forward to it~.
Tomoe: Shirasagi-san, congrats on your graduation!
Tomoe: Whether you're on or off stage, you're always so professional! That passion of yours has secretly motivated me, you know?
Tomoe: I'll do my best not to lose to you, so keep being the passionate idol that you are!
Tsugumi: Chisato-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsugumi: Thank you for helping me come up with new items to put on the menu. We've had so many popular items because of your advice!
Tsugumi: Please feel free to drop by the café, even as a college student. I will be waiting for you with Eve-chan and Tsukushi-chan!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Congrats on graduating, Chisato!
Kokoro: I watched the television show you appeared in! Your smile, whether on stage or on the screen, is always so lovely!
Kokoro: But I think seeing that smile in person is still the best. Make sure to show me your best smile next time!
Misaki: Shirasagi-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Misaki: Sometimes you would approach me at school and talk to me... Thank you for looking out for me.
Misaki: Oh! You'll be sharing a place with Kanon-san, right? I'll bring a gift for you guys once you've settled down, so please look forward to it.
Hagumi: Chisato-senpai, congrats on graduating~!
Hagumi: I really like you because you're kind, but also willing to say no when I need to be told no~!
Hagumi: Oh, yeah! Remember the flea market we were a part of last time? They're gonna have one again! We should go there again with everyone but as customers!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Chisa-senpai, congrats on your graduation~!
Ako: It's always so amazing how many things you know~! Like on White Day, you taught us the meanings of those words we didn't know!
Ako: Please teach me more words and meanings again~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): Happy graduation.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Even I can congratulate someone for graduating, you know.
CHU² (Chiyu): I told Aya too, but RAS will be the greatest band. If you don't want to look pathetic when that time comes, keep running forward with everything you've got.
LOCK (Rokka): Chisato-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
LOCK (Rokka): I really respect that passion that lets you do songs, host, and even act!
LOCK (Rokka): When you're tired, please come to Asahi Bathhouse and take a nice, warm bath. I'll have a steaming sweet potato ready for you!
PAREO (Reona): Chisato-san...! I would like to congratulate you... on your graduation...!
PAREO (Reona): Sob... I intended on speaking without letting my emotions get to me... but it is impossible to do, it seems...!
PAREO (Reona): I have the honor of being able to congratulate you directly like this...! Just the thought of that is... Sob... Chisato-san...! Thank you for giving me so much happiness!
LAYER (Rei): Shirasagi-san, congratulations on graduating.
LAYER (Rei): No matter how energetic a phrase is, you play it with a cute smile on your face. Your unwavering calmness and dignity... is amazing to see...
LAYER (Rei): Please continue to color Pastel＊Palettes with the lovely sound of your bass. PAREO and the rest of us will be supporting you.
MASKING (Masuki): Chisato-san, congrats on graduatin'.
MASKING (Masuki): Believe it or not, I actually watch a lot of the shows on TV that you're in. You're always so darn cute in every show... I get why PAREO is obsessed.
MASKING (Masuki): An actor, an idol, and a college student... It'll be tough, I'm sure, but I'll be rootin' for ya.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Chisato-san, c-congratulations on your graduation.
Mashiro: To be honest, I've always wanted to be independent... too... So, um... I-I wish you the best...
Tsukushi: Chisato-senpai, congratulations on graduating!
Tsukushi: When I first started my part-time job at Hazawa Coffee, you saw how awful I was at it...
Tsukushi: But now, I brew coffee so well that you compliment me on it! Please feel free to visit and drink my coffee anytime!
Toko: Chisato-san, congrats on your graduation!
Toko: I read your interview in that magazine that just released! I loved the contents of your bag and stuff! Everything was so stylish!
Toko: Tell me all about your recommended cosmetics next time! Of course, I'll tell you mine too! I can't wait for us to trade info~!
Rui: Shirasagi-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Rui: Thank you for looking after us during the flower-viewing party.
Rui: Please watch over Morfonica from now on as well.
Nanami: Chisato-senpai, congrats on graduating~.
Nanami: I'm glad I got to talk to you about band activities and playing the bass. Let's have a passionate chat about the bass again~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Chisato-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Eve: Having learned how to be refined from you, I intend on seeing you off... in a proper manner...!
Eve: Chisato-san... as fellow friends in Pastel＊Palettes… let us... continue to do our best together...!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<As Earnestly as Them Now>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: Oh? Is that who I think it is? ... I knew it. It's {{userName}}-san.
Chisato: Hello. Are you heading somewhere?
Chisato: I'm on my way home from the agency. After I become a college student, the way we establish my schedule will have to change, so I asked them about it.
Chisato: Yes, thank you, I graduated successfully. Your congratulatory message made me quite happy. Thank you very much.
Chisato: ... Fufu.
Chisato: Oh, it's nothing. I'm sorry. I didn't laugh because of anything funny. I was simply reminiscing about my high school days...
Chisato: Ever since I was a child, I've been in the entertainment industry... On some level, I assumed that school life was something that I had to sacrifice.
Chisato: And yet, my time in high school was such a fulfilling one that I'm even sad about graduating. And that is strange to me.
Chisato: So many things happened in the past three years.
Chisato: I used to think that succeeding in the entertainment industry meant selecting the most certain route. My high school experiences have changed how I think, however.
Chisato: At first, I only considered the Pastel＊Palettes members as mere business partners.
Chisato: But after meeting them, I realized that what I considered to be common sense couldn't be applied to them... It confused me at first.
Chisato: Eventually, though... seeing how earnestly they were heading toward their dreams made me want to believe in their path.
Chisato: I suppose spending time with them gradually changed how I think about and face things.
Chisato: Both with regards to the Pastel＊Palettes members and everything else...What changed the most, however, may be how I face myself.
Chisato: This is just in my own way, but... I feel like I can face myself even more forthrightly than before.
Chisato: I know that a lot will happen from now on, but I plan to face everything without fear and keep moving forward.
Chisato: After all, I have so much to look forward to from now on, such as living with Kanon as well as learning new things and having new experiences at college.
Chisato: I intend to put more effort, not only into the entertainment industry but also into my private life and my studies.
Chisato: Of course, work is important, but through my three years in high school, I learned that the days when nothing happens are equally important.
Chisato: I don't know how this decision will impact the future, but I believe that something amazing will come out of it.
Chisato: I'd be happy if you and the fans would continue to watch over me.
Chisato: Watch as I, Chisato Shirasagi, climb up the stairs... as an actress and an idol.
Chisato: Thank you. Your words mean a lot to me.
Chisato: I'll do my best to live up to your expectations.
Chisato: ... I've talked too much. I'm sorry to have kept you.
Chisato: Thank you for listening to me. I'll see you soon.
