1720_Chisato Shirasagi_R5 A Step Together

Gacha phrase: ... We have a space for you right here, so please join us.

<Breakfast at Our Apartment>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: ... Mhn, mmm...
Kanon: Ch-Chisato-chan~?
Kanon: Your alarm is ringing~. Is it okay for you to sleep in~?
Chisato: ...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Chisato And Kanon's Apartment]

Chisato: ... Good morning, Kanon.
Kanon: Ah, Chisato-chan. Good morning. Did you sleep well?
Chisato: Yes... I'm sorry. It was my turn to make breakfast today. I'll cook the rest.
Kanon: Oh, it's alright. It's almost ready, so please have a seat.
Chisato: But...
Kanon: Besides, you switched with me the other day to clean the bathroom. Now we're even.
Kanon: So please don't worry, okay?
Chisato: O-okay.
(Black cut)
Kanon: Do you have rehearsals today?
Chisato: Yes. I'm thinking of going to the studio early and doing some solo practice...
Kanon: I see. Ah, I'm about to make some sunny-side up eggs. How many would you like?
Chisato: One, please.
Kanon: Okay.
Kanon: It sure is rare, though, for you to sleep through your alarm~.
Chisato: I was up a little late writing a report. It's due in two days.
Kanon: Oh, right, you did mention that recently. How's it coming? Almost finished?
Chisato: Well... there are still a few areas I'd like to rework, but I think I have more than enough time to do so before it's due.
Kanon: I see. You really are amazing~. You're busy with work, but you still make sure to finish your school work too.
Kanon: But you mustn't push yourself too hard.
Chisato: Thanks for worrying about me. I'll be careful not to tire myself out.
Kanon: Ah, it sounds like the toast is ready.
Chisato: Hrm? Weren't we out of bread?
Kanon: Yes, but I bought some at the nearby grocery store yesterday.
Chisato: What? You went by yourself...?
Kanon: Ehehe, I sure did.
Chisato: Wow! Good for you.
Kanon: I was only able to do it because you've walked there with me before~. Thank you.
Kanon: But actually, I got lost on the way there. I asked many people for directions.
Kanon: So next time, I'd like to go without any help.
Chisato: I'm sure you'll be able to.
Chisato: ... Fufu. I kind of feel like you've become more dependable since you've become a college student.
Kanon: E-ehehe... You really think so?
Chisato: I shouldn't have to rely on you to wake me up, though. I'll need to act more responsibly as I prepare for the TIS.
Chisato: And after this, I promise to always cook when it's my turn. I inconvenienced you today.
Kanon: I-inconvenienced me...?! You haven't done that at all.
Kanon: I'm actually happy I could do something for you. So from now on, whenever you need a hand, you can count on me, okay?
Chisato: Kanon...
Chisato: ... Okay, but when you need help, you make sure to tell me too.
Kanon: I will!
Kanon: I'll just slide these sunny-side up eggs on some toast. Breakfast is served.
Chisato: Wow, this looks absolutely delicious. Well, let's enjoy our breakfast together.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<A Step at a Time to the Future>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Record Shop]

Chisato: Oh, {{userName}}-san. Hi.
Chisato: What a surprise meeting you here. Are you shopping too?
Chisato: So you here shopping for CiRCLE. You're such a hard worker.
Chisato: I came looking for DVDs of Marmalade's performances.
Chisato: Well, you see, it's been decided that Pastel＊Palettes is entering the "Tokyo Idol Summit" next.
Chisato: And former Marmalade member Nao Higashinakano is going to be our producer.
Chisato: I know. I can't believe she's producing for us either... I was really surprised. Plus, she's from Aya-chan's favorite idol group...
Chisato: Do you know Marmalade?
Chisato: Oh? I don't know them as well as Aya-chan either.
Chisato: That's why I'd like to learn more about Nao-san when she was an idol.
Chisato: Huh? What's she like? Well... I think she's very nice.
Chisato: ... She's a pretty unique person, though.
Chisato: Oh, it's nothing. I believe she sincerely wants to help us.
Chisato: Since she became our producer, she's even looked up many things about us.
Chisato: And yesterday, we went with Nao-san to see one of the junior groups at our agency perform.
Chisato: After the show, she praised what they did well and also gave pinpoint advice on what to improve.
Chisato: I felt her many years as an idol has made her a capable person with a sharp eye for detail.
Chisato: Yes, I'm also excited for what lies ahead. Of course, I'm not without my concerns.
Chisato: Teamwork will be essential for winning the TIS.
Chisato: I believe we'll need to become well acquainted and learn to trust each other fully.
Chisato: And Pastel＊Palettes must work harder and gain more experience.
Chisato: There are many idols whose singing, performing, and technical skills are much more developed than ours ...
Chisato: ... Fufu, it seems we have a very high mountain to climb.
Chisato: But I don't think it's healthy to worry too much. Doing so will only make you more anxious.
Chisato: So rather than worry, I'm looking forward to the future. I hope to move forward with the others, one step at a time.
Chisato: ... Oh, I've been speaking nonstop. I'm sorry to have kept you.
Chisato: Thank you for listening. I hope you'll continue to support us.
