1785_Chisato Shirasagi_R5 The Wind and You

<The Wind and You>

Anime story


<But This Summer...>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Sunflower Field]

Staff: We'll start the photo shoot with Hina-san and Maya-san! Let's do our best~!
Photographer: ... We'll shoot the third scene after the first one. Then, we'll move on to the second scene...
Chisato: (... Such a nostalgic place. It's still here.)
Eve: Mmm~. Even though the sun is strong, it is nice and cool here!
Chisato: Yes. The wind is refreshing and comfortable.
Eve: The sunflower field goes on for miles... I am so happy to have a magazine photo shoot at such a beautiful place.
Chisato: You can see the ocean if you walk a little farther.
Eve: Is that so? How do you know that, Chisato-san?
Chisato: I came here before on a family trip. It's been a long time since then... but it seems nothing has changed.
Staff: We're about to shoot Chisato-san's scene next! Eve-san, please change and have your makeup ready!
Eve & Chisato: Okay!
Eve: I shall get changed then! Chisato-san, good luck with your photo shoot!
Chisato: I will. Thank you.
(Black cut)
Photographer: Let's start! Please slowly walk from where you are.
Chisato: (It brings back memories.)
Chisato: (If I remember correctly, I wore a white dress for the trip with my family as well. And I had a hat just like this one.)
Chisato: (But then, my ha-)
Chisato: Oh, no...!
(White cut)
???: Don't worry! I'll catch your hat, Chii-chan! I promise...
(White cut)
Kaoru: A newly-bought white dress and a straw hat. I thought I was seeing a dream of the past.
Chisato: That voice...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Greetings. Oh, how you resemble your past self, Chisato.
Kaoru: To think that we would meet here.
Kaoru: This is yours, is it not? I shall return it.
Chisato: ... Thank you.
Chisato: What a coincidence.
Kaoru: The other Hello, Happy World! members and I are enjoying ourselves here.
Kaoru: I wished to immerse myself in memories I once had, thus leading me to stroll in this area.
Kaoru: Meeting you here today shall become a wonderful memory indeed.
Chisato: ... I see. I'm glad, then.
Chisato: I was just reminiscing about the past, too. It's nostalgic, isn't it? It happened so long ago.
Kaoru: Indeed. Seeing the never-ending field of sunflowers and the sky so high... fills me with nostalgia and warmth.
Chisato: ... You caught my hat faster this time, didn't you?
Kaoru: It was already flying towards me. Perhaps returning this hat to you was my reason for coming all this way.
Chisato: Thank you.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: ... This really is a wonderful place. It's unfortunate I only came back after all this time because of work.
Kaoru: ... So it seems you are in the middle of a photo shoot. I apologize for intruding.
Chisato: It's alright. You caught my hat, after all.
Kaoru: I shall take my leave then. Be wary of the heat. Best of luck with your shoot.
Chisato: ...
Chisato: (Coming here on a family trip isn't the only reason I remember this place so vividly.)
Chisato: (We came with Kaoru's family... That's why it's so fresh in my mind. And besides...)
Chisato: (Back then, my hat got blown away by the wind too. The two of us did our best to chase after it...)
Chisato: (But no matter how hard we ran, we couldn't catch it... I convinced myself it would never come back to me. I was so worried.)
Chisato: (And Kaoru slumped on the ground and started crying...)
Chisato: (The bright sunlight, the swaying path, the chirping of cicadas, the sunflowers around us... The elements of summer filled us with unease.)
Chisato: (... I still remember Kaoru looking so relieved when she caught my hat.)
Chisato: It's like time is repeating itself.
Chisato: ... No, that's not it. This nostalgic and warm feeling. Kaoru's gentle face earlier surrounded by sunflowers...
Chisato: And this view...
Staff: Chisato-san, can we restart the shoot?
Chisato: I'm sorry for making you wait. We can start.
Photographer: Let's begin then. Stay there and look towards the sky.
Chisato: The sky...
Chisato: (...The wind feels nice.)
Chisato: (The bright sun, the chirping of the cicadas, the swaying of the path... Looking at it this way, summer really is here.)
Photographer: That expression was amazing! Okay then, now walk this way slowly!
Chisato: Alright. I'll do my best...
Chisato: (... I wonder what summer will be like this year.)
(Black cut)
