1912_Chisato Shirasagi_R5 Because We Want to Protect

Gacha phrase: That's what we need to avoid the most right now.

<Even If It's Step by Step>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Amidst lessons preparing for Round 2 of TIS…]

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Practice Studio]

Nao: Alright, that's enough. Let's take a breather for now.
Pastel＊Palettes: Yes!
Nao: Don't forget to stay hydrated alright? See you all in 15 minutes~
Eve: Ah, where is Nao-san going…?
Hina: Ain't she just taking a break outside?
Maya: Maybe she's just being considerate of us and leaving us to get some proper rest.
Aya: Well I won't stand on ceremony… Hahhh, I'm beat~~
Chisato: Hehe, you were really giving it your all until you almost collapsed. Still, that's a bit unladylike of you, Aya-chan.
Aya: Ugh sorry, Chisato-chan… Today's lesson was really exhausting.
Hina: Just before we stopped, Aya-chan was already wobbly on her feet to the point of toppling~
Aya: I- I wasn't THAT tired~~!
Hina: Ahaha, sorry sorry~
Maya: But I can understand why Aya-san is all tired out. The task this time is truly incomparably more difficult than the first round.
Eve: Yes. It is inevitable that our practice will have to become that much harder.
Chisato: Yes, it's true that the lessons are tough, but we will just have to surmount these difficulties to reach our goal.
Aya: Yeah. Nao-san really can pinpoint weaknesses I hadn't ever noticed before…
Aya: At the same time, she is also trying to develop our stronger areas that can become our secret weapons.
Aya: That kind of guidance is only possible because Nao-san watches us very closely. Though sometimes I think she's a bit harsh about it…
Chisato: Yes, I think so too.
Hina: And the lessons are tough, but she also makes sure we take proper breaks like now.
Hina: It's a Spartan training alright, but she doesn't push us to our limits, and she's very sensitive to our condition.
Eve: Maybe that's because Nao-san herself has experience as an idol?
Maya: That may be the case. But I don't think that's the only reason.
Chisato: What do you mean?
Maya: Nao-san still has a lot to learn about bands, so she's always having detailed discussions with the staging team.
Maya: With just her personal experience, she can't really bring out the best in Pastel✽Palettes, which is an idol band.
Hina: Oh, that's true~ She's surprisingly studious huh.
Eve: Especially now that she's in a position to teach and guide others, she herself never stops learning… that's truly Bushido!
Aya: We should learn from Nao-san's example, and continue to mature and grow.
Aya: Alright! Let's give it our all again after the break~!
Eve & Maya & Hina: Yeah!
Chisato: Yes, let's do our best.
Chisato: (Just as the rest said, I believe we've been able to improve more than ever before under Nao-san's guidance. I've felt that myself all too well. But still…)
Chisato: (At times, Nao-san can be incredibly strict and cold... Until I understand why, it's difficult for me to place my full trust in her…)
Nao: Oh, what's happening? Seems like things are getting hyped in here.
Aya: Welcome back Nao-san! Woah, what's with all that stuff?
Nao: Hehehe~~! This is… Nao Higashinakano's recommended top tier recovery set~~!
Pastel＊Palettes: Huh?
Nao: I got all sorts prepared~ First up, this! A nutritional drink that's both good for your throat and relieves fatigue. Each of you, grab one.
Eve: Y- Yes. Thank you very much.
Nao: And next I have some compresses, lozenges, eye masks… I'll leave them all here, so help yourselves alright?
Nao: And next up! This really awesome foam roller!
Maya: Woah! I saw that one featured in a magazine! It really loosens up the fascia and greatly increases the range of movement for your joints.
Nao: That's right~! As expected of Yamato, you sure know your stuff.
Nao: All these stuff I brought were all things I used when I was an idol, so I guarantee they're effective!
Chisato: There's so much of them… Thank you very much, Nao-san.
Hina: Hey hey, what about that huge bag behind you, Nao-san? Are those also other recovery items?
Nao: Huh? Ah, no, this is… Well, I guess that might be true.
Hina: Wow! Alright, let's take a peek♪
Chisato: Hold up Hina-chan, that's bad manners. You shouldn't just take someone else's stuff like that…
Nao: Ah~ Well it's fine. I was going to hand it over sometime anyway.
Hina: And inside the bag is~ Huh? Pillows?
Chisato: Uhm… Why a pillow?
Nao: Ah, uhm, yeah. That's a pillow that helps you get a good night's sleep…
Nao: Man~ Yesterday, I was out buying the recovery items. I kept thinking how this and that were needed, and got kind of carried away… Next minute I knew, I even got pillows for everyone…
Nao: But needless to say, there's no need for pillows in the practice studio… Ahaha~…
Pastel＊Palettes: …
Hina: Ahaha, that's right! There's no way anyone's getting a good night's sleep in a practice studio~
Maya: Hehe, if you were able to sleep soundly, now that would be a real problem.
Nao: But look, I bought one for everyone. So if you're okay carrying it home today, please do. You'll sleep really well!
Chisato: Hehe, even Nao-san makes mistakes too sometimes.
Nao: Shi- Shirasagi~! Don't hit me while I'm down~
Aya & Hina & Maya: Ahaha!
Chisato: Hehe…
Chisato: (… There's still a lot I don't understand, But I'm certain that Nao-san's care and concern for Pastel✽Palettes are real…)
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<She Is Straightforward>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

[Residential area]

Marina: Oh? Is that Chisato-chan over there?
Marina: Chisato-chan, hello!
Chisato: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Are you out on errands?
Marina: Yes, we were about to head out shopping.
Marina: By the way, congrats on making it to the third round of TIS! I was really surprised by how much you all have improved since the last time. Pastel✽Palettes has really been on a roll recently.
Chisato: Thank you very much. I'm glad to hear that.
Chisato: … Honestly, we haven't really been in the best of shape lately, so I'm relieved it still appears alright on the surface.
Marina: Oh, really? Is everything alright?
Chisato: Yes. We've resolved things for now, so it's fine. I'm sorry for making you worry.
Chisato: The truth is, after we were confirmed to make it to the third round, we had a disagreement with the producer.
Marina: Aah. I did hear about that from Aya-chan. Having a fight with the producer sounds really tough.
Chisato: It got really worrying at one point, but thanks to Eve-chan, we were able to come to an agreement.
Marina: I see. Eve-chan must have really done her best.
Chisato: Yes, it really was all thanks to her…
Chisato: The incident this time made me realize there were sides of myself that believed in things like "you can't disobey someone in the producer's position" and "you have to follow their instructions".
Chisato: Of course, these are just mindsets necessary for survival in the entertainment industry.
Chisato: It's an obvious fact that if you say no to a producer, you won't be getting the job.
Marina: … The entertainment industry is glamorous, but truly tough at the same time.
Chisato: Yes. So even if it was different from our true feelings, I thought we could simply hide it and follow the producer's advice on the surface.
Marina: … So putting on a front just to get along well, huh. That's a difficult topic.
Chisato: Yes. I thought it was only natural to put on a front. But Eve-chan is different. She values one's true feelings more than these rules, more than what one can gain or lose from these interactions.
Chisato: She asked me straightforwardly, just what my true feelings were, regardless of all the unwritten rules of the entertainment industry.
Chisato: And that was when I finally realized, "this is what I truly wanted", what my real feelings were.
Marina: There are some things you only realize when someone else asks you about it.
Chisato: Yes. Once again, I realize that I'm truly glad for Eve's straightforwardness.
Chisato: As long as Eve is there for me, I'll always be able to find out what my true feelings are.
Marina: Yeah yeah. It's truly a blessing to have such wonderful members around you. I have great expectations for Pastel✽Palettes' continued success.
Chisato: Expectations…
Marina: Chisato-chan?
Chisato: … Yes, of course. We'll be sure to live up to your expectations.
Chisato: My apologies. It's almost time for practice, so I shall have to take my leave.
Chisato: I'll see you around.
