2331_Chisato Shirasagi_R5 My dear dog

Skill name: Best friends
Gacha phrase: Enjoying your walk?

<By Your Side, Every Day Pt. 1>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Chisato: All right... I should write down what we covered in that meeting in my planner...
Chisato: Tomorrow, we've got a guest spot on a variety show, and rehearsals for next week's concert-
Aya: Chisato-chan, great work today!
Eve: Great work!
Chisato: Great work, you two. Where are Hina-chan and Maya-chan?
Aya: Maya-chan said they'd be late because they have stuff to do at college. She messaged me earlier.
Chisato: Oh... you're right. I guess I didn't notice since we were in the middle of our meeting.
Eve: What kind of meeting was it?
Chisato: It was about that animal show we're guest-starring on soon.
Aya: That's the one that's on Saturday nights, right? I'm so excited~♪ I love that show!
Aya: Especially the segment with the dramatized reenactments about how people met their pets! They're all so moving, I tear up every time...
Eve: I like the segment that introduces baby animals! It's so soothing to watch!
Chisato: Every segment has its own charm. As for me, I'll be introducing Leon for a feature called "Our Cute Family."
Eve: Wow! So that means you'll be appearing with Leon-kun!
Aya: Wow! Sounds like it'll be an amazing memory.
Chisato: Fufu. I was so happy when I got the offer.
Chisato: And I heard the other guests all have pets too, so I'm excited to hear their stories.
Eve: Then I'm sure the pet talk's gonna get really lively!
Chisato: Yes. But... there is something I'm a little torn about...
Aya: What's wrong?
Chisato: I can't decide which anecdote I should tell on the show.
Aya: I get that. It can be hard to tell a story well, too-
Chisato: Every story about Leon is so cute, I can't narrow it down to just one.
Aya: Oh, so that's what you're worried about...!
Eve: I'm curious about Leon's cute stories too! If you don't mind, can you tell us one?
Chisato: Yes, of course. Let's see...
Chisato: When he wants to play, he brings me one of his toys, but if I look busy, it's like he's saying, "Play with me later" as he starts lining his toys up around me.
Aya: So cute~!
Eve: What a good boy!
Chisato: Fufu. Not that I'm one to say, but I think he's one of the smartest golden retrievers out there.
Chisato: Just the other day, he showed me a bunch of tricks... Wanna see?
Aya: I do, I do!
Chisato: Hold on a sec. Okay, here you go.
Aya: Wow, he's doing a double high-five!
Eve: Whoa, he can even play dead?! You two are totally in sync!
Chisato: Right? He's just so cute.
Chisato: I've still got plenty more cute stories. Like-
(Black cut)
Eve: I can see why it's hard to choose which one to tell!
Aya: Yeah, yeah! If I were Chisato-chan, I'd wanna tell them all too!
Chisato: Fufu, I'm glad to hear that.
Aya: And the way Chisato-chan talks about him makes you sound so happy... Now I want to get a pet, too.
Eve: Me too! It'd make every day even more fun!
Aya: Yeah. Taking care of one might be tough when work gets busy, but... I think it'd be more than worth it.
Eve: No doubt about it! Chisato-san's smile says it all!
Chisato: Yes. They're living creatures, so of course there are times when it's hard...
Chisato: But just being together is so soothing. Leon is truly irreplaceable to me.
Aya: That kind of bond is really wonderful.
Chisato: Thank you. Talking about Leon has made me want to see him all of a sudden. Maybe I'll go visit him on my next day off.
Eve: That sounds great! I'm sure Leon-kun will be happy too.
Aya: If you take any new pictures, send them to us too.
Chisato: Fufu, I will.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<By Your Side, Every Day Pt. 2>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Park]

Chisato: I'm glad it's nice and sunny today.
Leon: Woof!
Chisato: Enjoying your walk?
Leon: Woof!
Chisato: Fufu, me too. I've been so busy lately... I haven't really been able to make time for it.
???: Heeey!
Chisato: Oh? That voice is...
Aya: Chisato-chaa~n!
Chisato: Aya-chan, what's wrong? What are you doing here?
Aya: I just happened to stop by on my way back from a shoot, and I saw you, Chisato-chan! I couldn't help calling out!
Chisato: I see. Good work today.
Aya: Thanks! Fufu, hello to you too, Leon-kun.
Leon: Woof!!
Aya: Wow, he said hi! He's such a good boy!
Chisato: Fufu, I'm sure he's happy to see you, Aya-chan. If you'd like, want to take a walk together?
Aya: Huh?! Really?
Chisato: Of course. Leon loves walking with friends, too.
Aya: Then... I'll take you up on that. Nice to meet you, Leon-kun.
Leon: Woof!
Chisato: If you'd like, Aya-chan, want to try holding the leash?
Aya: Huh, me holding it is okay?
Chisato: Of course. Leon's smart, so there's nothing to worry about. Here, slip your wrist through this and hold on tight.
Aya: O-okay...!
Leon: Woof!
Aya: Whoa, amazing! He's walking right beside me~!
Aya: So this is what walking a dog is like... It feels kind of new!
Aya: Hey, hey, Leon-kun keeps looking up at my face sometimes... What does that mean?
Chisato: I think he can tell you're not used to it yet, so he's checking on you.
Aya: Oh... He's so cool, being that considerate~!
Chisato: Good for you, Leon. Getting praised by Aya-chan.
Leon: Woof!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: Fufu, good boy.
Aya: Wow...
Chisato: Wanna try petting him too, Aya-chan?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: I can?! Then... Leon-kun, good boy.
Aya: Wow, his fur's all fluffy and warm... When I'm doing this, it just makes me want to get a pet even more~
Aya: If I ever got a dog, I'd wanna take walks together with Chisato-chan and Leon-kun!
Chisato: Yes, I'm sure that would be fun.
Aya: And I'd want you to teach me all sorts of stuff, like what to buy and what to feed them!
Chisato: Of course. When the time comes, Leon and I can give you advice at the dog cafe I go to all the time.
Aya: Thanks! Oh, and speaking of dog cafes...
Aya: That place you introduced on that animal show you were on the other day was really nice too!
Chisato: Yes. It was designed with the dogs in mind, and the dog run was well-equipped.
Chisato: It was fun getting to play with all sorts of other dogs too... but of course, Leon was the cutest.
Chisato: What, is that me being a crazy dog mom? Or... a crazy owner, I guess?
Aya: Fufu, not at all. Leon-kun really is adorable!
Leon: Whiiine...
Chisato: What's wrong? Why are you sticking so close?
Aya: I bet he's happy he finally got to go for a walk with you again, Chisato-chan, and he wants to play some more.
Leon: Woof!
Chisato: Fufu, I guess it can't be helped. Then shall we play together too, Aya-chan?
Aya: Oh, are those in your bag Leon-kun's toys?
Chisato: Yeah. They're all Leon's favorites, but... Let's go with his number one today.
Leon: Woof woof!
Chisato: All right, here we go...! Hyah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
