event148-05 Chapter 4: Rui's Childhood Companion

The girls near the end of preparations. Meanwhile, Rui decides to take place in the recital.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Rui: ...
Tsukushi: ... How is this, Rui-san?
Rui: ... I see no problem with it. You have listed the works just as I requested.
Tsukushi: Really?! Thank goodness...
Toko: And we didn't even make any mistakes! Go us!
Nanami: Yeah, yeah, we did good. So, what's our next job?
Rui: There is no next job. That is all the work I need to request of you.
Mashiro: ...! Which means-
Toko: We've finished all the seminar prep?!
Rui: Yes, we have.
Tsukushi & Toko: Woohoo~!
Nanami: Ahh~, that took a while~.
Mashiro: It did. It was only three days, but I feel like we've been working for a week.
Toko: Did you see that, Rui?! That is exactly how capable we are...!
Rui: Yes. I will admit that my assumption was mistaken.
Toko: Okay, so now for your punishment, as promised!
Rui: I promised no such thing.
Nanami: Never mind that. Let's stop by somewhere on our way home~. I want to celebrate with everyone.
Toko: Good idea, Nanami! Alright, then we're going to one of my favorite cafés!
Rui: I must decline.
Toko: No you don't. There's no point going if you don't come, Rui! It was your job, after all!
Rui: I should have explained myself properly. Your work has ended, but I still have things to do.
Tsukushi: Huh?! Then we can help you with those too!
Rui: No, all that is left for me to do is the venue layout. It would be more efficient to do it alone.
Tsukushi: I see... In that case, we'll wait for you!
Rui: ...? There is no reason for you all to stay behind too.
Tsukushi: No, but we want to celebrate all together. So we'll stay behind until you're done.
Rui: ...
Rui: Very well. But you had better not interfere with my work.
Tsukushi: Of course!
(Black cut)

[Ten Minutes Later]

Toko: Man, that sure was a lot of work~. I didn't realize organizing school events involved so much.
Nanami: Actually, I think Rui-rui was given quite a large amount of work to do~.
Mashiro: Yes... She was given all sorts of jobs, from making the list of artworks to organizing the layout of the venue.
Tsukushi: She's only a first-year student, and yet they trust her so much~.
Rui: Everyone, I do not mind if you stay behind, but please remain quiet.
Nanami: Sorry, sorry. That reminds me, Rui-rui, what're you going to do about the recital?
Mashiro: You said you would have time to practice if you finished in three days, right?
Rui: I will participate. I have fulfilled the requirements, so there is no reason for me to decline.
Tsukushi: ...! So we'll be able to see you and Tachibana-senpai perform together?!
Nanami: I can't wait~. I bet you're excited too. Right, Rui-rui?
Rui: Once I am standing on the stage, I simply aim to give a harmonious performance.
Tsukushi: Ugh~, you never change. But a piano and violin performance is bound to be elegant.
Mashiro: Yes... It will probably be quite sophisticated.
Toko: Have you played the violin alongside a piano before, Rui?
Rui: When I was a child, yes. A friend of my parents used to play.
Rui: She was very skilled.
Nanami: For you to say that, she must've been really good.
Rui: Yes. I listened to her perform for the first time in a while at Girls Band Party, and she was just as good as ever.
Mashiro: Huh, so you heard her at-
Toko: Hm? At Girls Band Party?!
Nanami: Wait, wait! How does a story about one of your family friends link to that...?
Rui: Because she was in Girls Band Party.
Tsukushi: She was- Huh? She was?! R-Rui-san, is that girl---
Rui: Shirokane-san from Roselia.
Tsukushi, Nanami, Mashiro & Toko: Whaaat~?!
Tsukushi: You're childhood friends with Rinko-senpai?!
Toko: Seriously?! Whoa! You should've told us this earlier~.
Rui: You never asked.
Mashiro: Nobody knew you were childhood friends, so I don't think anyone would have asked...
Tsukushi: But now I can see why you said she was really skilled! Rinko-senpai is so good.
Toko: Yeah, she's won a bunch of piano competitions, hasn't she?!
Nanami: Is that so? You sure do know a lot about her, Toko-chan.
Toko: Sayo-san told me!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: It is just as Kirigaya-san said. Ever since we were children, Shirokane-san has won a number of piano competitions, and she has been praised highly for her skills.
Tsukushi: And now she plays the keyboard for Roselia. That's amazing~.
Nanami: Yeah~. But our Rui-rui is pretty impressive too~.
Tsukushi: Yeah! You're just as good as Rinko-senpai!
Rui: I wonder. I have never won a competition before... That is the big difference between us.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Does that really matter?
Rui: ... Winning is everything. Failing to do so means that I was lacking something needed for standing at the top.
Tsukushi: Do you really think so~? I like your violin, Rui-san~.
Mashiro: Me too... When I hear you play while I'm singing, it helps me stay calm. Your music is like a light that guides my voice.
Rui: Everyone has their own opinion. However, talent is not something I possess.
Rui: That is why my parents told me to quit playing the violin. And I do not think they were wrong.
Toko: Your parents said that...? I thought you liked violin?
Rui: It had nothing to do with whether I liked it or not. What is the point of doing something if you are not the best at it?
Rui: Through violin, I learned that it is meaningless to spend time on something if you do not have talent.
Rui: That is why I now only pour my energy into things that have meaning. For that is the answer I came to.
Tsukushi: I see... I didn't know you thought of things this way, Rui-san.
Mashiro: ... Rui-san...
Nanami: You don't have to be so serious all the time~.
Toko: Why don't you chill out a little?
Rui: This is simply my way of doing things... I am afraid I have talked for too long. I must return to my work.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
