event148-02 Chapter 1: Tsukushi the Strategist

Tsukushi and the others are eager to help prepare for the seminar, but Rui flatly refuses their help...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Tsukushi: ... We're here to help, Rui-san!
Rui: ... You really came.
Tsukushi: We decided on it together yesterday, remember? That we would help you prepare for the seminar!
Tsukushi: Let's combine our efforts and finish everything in three days!
Toko: Rui! I'll make you regret ever saying it'd be faster without us!
Toko: You really don't take us seriously! Just watch and see how capable I am~.
Rui: It is not that I do not take you seriously. I was just speaking the truth.
Tsukushi: Come on~, you haven't even given it a chance!
Toko: If we manage to finish all of this, I'm gonna give you a little punishment for doubting us!
Rui: I do not intend to play games with you.
Nanami: Ahaha, Tsu-chan and Toko-chan sure are fired up.
Mashiro: H-hngh~...
Nanami: ... Oh, Shiro-chan, what's wrong? You've gone pale.
Mashiro: ... Helping out the student council makes my stomach hurt...
Toko: Huh? Again? Shiro~, how many times do we have to do this...?
Mashiro: W-well the student council is a gathering of the best students at Tsukinomori, right...?
Mashiro: I even heard that the Student Council President placed in the top five in the national mock examinations the other day...
Nanami: According to my research, the vice president also placed in the top ten at the national equestrian championship~.
Mashiro: I-I can't help people as amazing as them... I'm afraid I will only get in the way...
Toko: Don't worry! I'm here anyway, so it'll be a breeze!
Mashiro: Do you really think so...?
Nanami: Shiro-chan, it'll be fine. There's five of us here, so you won't be on your own.
Nanami: Remember what happened with the lyrics for Harmony Day? If you need help, we'll be there for you.
Mashiro: Nanami-chan...
Mashiro: ... Okay. I will try and do my best.
Nanami: Alright! This has been a dream of mine, actually. I've always wanted to prepare for a school event after school with my friends.
Nanami: I feel like a real high schooler! Let's get started already~.
Rui: Do not get ahead of yourselves. I do not intend to take you up on your offer.
Rui: Preparing for the seminar is the student council's job. This is no place for outsiders.
Tsukushi: Well, we're actually not outsiders~.
Tsukushi: You see, we got permission from the president to help you, Rui-san! So now we're also members of the seminar prep committee.
Rui: ...
Toko: Nice one, Fusuke~!
Nanami: Ohh~, how resourceful of you~. But how on earth did you get permission from the president?
Tsukushi: She actually praised me for being a great Tsukinomori student and voluntarily wanting to get involved in school events!
Tsukushi: And when I told her that I'm the class president, she said "I bet your class is great!"
Mashiro: I wonder if that has anything to do with you being class president...
Rui: I do not understand. Helping me should not benefit you all in any way.
Tsukushi: But it does! We get to support you!
Rui: You are wrong in this assumption. Even if you all help me, we will not be able to finish this in three days.
Rui: But I have grasped the situation. If you have permission from the president, I do not intend to object.
Rui: I will allow you to assist me.
Nanami: Yay~! Let's do this, Rui-rui.
Rui: I will divide the tasks between us now. Once you begin, I am sure you will understand why it is impossible to complete them all within three days.
Toko: You've got it all wrong! You’re the one assuming the wrong things!
Rui: ...
Tsukushi: Alright. Now, I'll say it again... Let's finish this in three days! Yeah!
Nanami, Toko & Mashiro: Yeah! Y-yeah...
