event148-04 Chapter 3: The Naturally Filling Gap

Seminar preparations continue along. Somewhere along the way, Rui has come to understand Tsukushi and Toko's habits...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Two Days Later]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - 1C]

Tsukushi: Today is the third day... Guys, we have to finish this!
Nanami: Yeah~! So, what do we need to do today?
Rui: I need you to make lists of the artwork. I intend to attach them to the programs you made on the first day.
Rui: Could I get you to line up the works of each artist from oldest to newest?
Toko: Huh, is that all? That'll be a piece of cake!
Mashiro: Yeah... Even I might be able to help out more this time.
Rui: I think it is too early to rejoice just yet. There are quite a number of works once you add them all together.
Toko: Don't worry, don't worry! We'll get it done lickety-split. Just wait and see!
Rui: Is that so? Then let us begin.
(Black cut)

[One Hour Later]

Toko: ... Okay, this is way too much!
Mashiro: N-no matter how many I put into the order, there are still more to do...
Rui: I told you so. I said that there were quite a lot.
Toko: Even so, don't you think this is too much? This person here has over 100!
Nanami: They must have been very inspired~.
Toko: Ahh, this is impossible! I need a break!
Tsukushi: Yeah, let's take a break. I was just feeling like I needed one.
Toko: I'm gonna go buy a drink from the café outside. I'll be back~.
Mashiro: Do you think Toko-chan is okay...?
Nanami: She's not very good with work like this. Let's just see how things go.
Rui: That may be wise. When Kirigaya-san loses her focus and takes a break, eight out of ten times she comes back motivated.
Tsukushi: She does? How do you know that, Rui-san?
Rui: Kirigaya-san is always like this, is she not? It is hard not to notice.
Tsukushi: Huh... You watch Toko-chan quite closely, don't you, Rui-san?
Rui: Not particularly.
Nanami: Hey, hey, why don't we go and buy some drinks too?
Tsukushi: Ah, you don't need to! I actually bought enough snacks and drinks for everyone.
Nanami: Ohh~, nice one, Tsu-chan. You're so thoughtful~.
Rui: Before that, I would like to get an idea of how far along you are.
Tsukushi: I just started on my second artist.
Nanami: I think I've done about as much as Tsu-chan.
Mashiro: You two are amazing. I'm still only halfway through my first...
Tsukushi: Hey~, don't pull such a sad face. We'll help you out when we're done!
Rui: ... Futaba-san, be careful when you line up this artist's work.
Tsukushi: Huh? Why?
Rui: That artist has done two paintings of cacti. They look very similar, so it is easy to confuse them.
Tsukushi: ... You're right! They're only slightly different!
Mashiro: Ah... but they were painted at completely different times. Look...
Tsukushi: One was done when they first became an artist, and the other is more recent...? That was close, I almost didn't realize...
Rui: By the way, that artist also has two moon-themed pieces, so watch out for those too.
Tsukushi: Okay, thanks! You're a lifesaver!
Rui: ... Futaba-san, you tend to neglect your own work when you are looking out for others.
Tsukushi: Huh?!
Rui: You tend to repeatedly make mistakes at times like this, so I thought it better to tell you.
Nanami: Ahaha, you really get Tsu-chan~.
Mashiro: I didn't know you did that, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: E-enough about me...
Tsukushi: More importantly... Here, Rui-san, have a drink!
Rui: ... What is this tea for?
Tsukushi: You've been drinking it a lot recently at practice, so I thought you must like it... Did I get it wrong?
Rui: No...
Mashiro: ... Ah, Rui-san. You like sweet dumplings, right? Here you go.
Rui: ...
Nanami: This is kind of nice~. It feels like we all understand each other.
Mashiro: Now that you mention it... I feel like I've come to remember what you all like without even realizing it.
Rui: We spend more time together because of practice, so I think it is only is natural.
Nanami: In other words, we're friends now~.
Rui: That is not what I said.
Toko: Wow, wow, wow! I found something really crazy...!
Nanami: Welcome back, Toko-chan~.
Toko: I'm back! ... Wait, no, look at this!
Tsukushi: ...? It looks like an ordinary taiyaki to me... What's all the fuss about?
Toko: Tut, tut, tut... It's not just a regular taiyaki~. This is a mapo taiyaki! Mapo!
Mashiro: Mapo taiyaki...? Do you mean it has mapo tofu inside it?
Toko: Bingo! This'll definitely be the next big thing!
Toko: I can't believe I found something like this so randomly. I'm so lucky~.
Nanami: Toko-chan seems much better.
Rui: Yes... But at this rate, she will not be calmed down by the time we start working again.
Toko: Oh yeah! I bought enough drinks for everyone! Here, Rui!
Mashiro: Ah, that's Rui-san's favorite tea.
Toko: I found it on the way back from the café~. You'd better thank me, guys~.
Rui: ... I already have one drink, so I will decline.
Toko: Huh? Why do you have one already?
Nanami: Tsu-chan bought enough for everyone~.
Toko: What~? But I wanted to make everyone cry with joy~.
Tsukushi: We wouldn't cry over drinks!
Nanami: Well, we still have work to do, so having lots of drinks isn't a bad thing. Thanks, Toko-chan.
Toko: Oh, that's what I thought~! Man~, how am I so naturally helpful~?
Rui: Alright, now that Kirigaya-san has returned, let us get back to work.
