event148-01 Opening: Tsukinomori Recital

Tsukushi invites Rui to a band meeting, but Rui seems to have something to do for her upperclassman.

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Student Council Room Entrance]

Rui: ... Now, let us do this, just as we arranged.
Rui: As for the time... I suppose I had better go and answer them first.
???: Rui-saaan~!
Rui: Futaba-san? What are you doing here...? I thought I told you to begin Morfonica's meeting without me since I had a student council meeting.
Tsukushi: My homeroom teacher asked me to run an errand! I was just about to head to the courtyard.
Tsukushi: Being class president is such a busy job~. But I guess it can't be helped. After all, I am the leader of the class!
Rui: Yes, it is. I have also just finished.
Tsukushi: Then let's go together! I'm sure Toko-chan and the others are wondering where we are.
Rui: No, I'm afraid I must ask you to go ahead without me. I need to talk to one of the upperclassmen about an upcoming recital.
Tsukushi: A recital...? You mean the one the music clubs do? Like choir and brass band?
Tsukushi: That's the one everyone calls the "Mini Tsukinomori Music Festival," right?
Rui: I am unsure whether everyone calls it that, but there are some students who do so.
Rui: One of the third-year students, Tachibana-san, asked me to perform in this recital with her.
Tsukushi: Ah, I know her!
Tsukushi: She gave a wonderful performance at the Tsukinomori Music Festival~. I heard she's the best piano player in the whole school!
Tsukushi: And she asked you...? That's amazing!
Rui: Yes, she has even won awards at several competitions, so she is undoubtedly a highly skilled musician.
Rui: I am sure that performing with her would be very worthwhile. However, I think I shall decline this time.
Tsukushi: What, why?!
Rui: I assume you know about the French artists coming to speak at Tsukinomori?
Tsukushi: Yeah. They're visiting Japan for a joint exhibition, right? I heard that they're going to run a seminar here as part of that.
Rui: Well, the Student Council is in charge of running this seminar.
Rui: And at the meeting we just had, I realized that preparations for this seminar would overlap with rehearsals for the recital.
Rui: Therefore, it would be difficult for me to have ample rehearsal time. That is why I am declining her offer.
Tsukushi: I see~. That's such a shame since she invited you and all.
Rui: I fully intended to perform with her if it were possible.
Rui: You see, back in middle school, Tachibana-san once helped me out with a student council event I was in charge of.
Tsukushi: I can't believe you even remember that. You sure do have a strong sense of duty.
Rui: I believe it is more of an issue of principle. I do not like being indebted to people.
Tsukushi: Indebted...
Tsukushi: So you really can't do anything about it?
Rui: In order for me to be able to have sufficient rehearsal time, I must finish the jobs I am responsible for within three days.
Rui: And it is an unrealistic amount of work for one person to do.
Tsukushi: I didn't know you had so much to prepare... But you can leave it to me! I will help you with the seminar!
Rui: You will?
Tsukushi: Yeah! And let's ask Mashiro-chan and the others too!
Tsukushi: It might be hard to do it alone, but I'm sure we'll be able to finish it all in three days if we work together!
Rui: That's impossible.
Tsukushi: Hey, you won't know unless you try, right?!
Rui: I can imagine what will happen. I am sure that I will get through it quicker on my own than with all of your help.
Tsukushi: Hmph... What do you mean by that?
Rui: I mean only what I said. Considering how long it would take to teach you how to do everything, I think it would be more efficient to just do it on my own.
Tsukushi: I-it would be faster doing it together!
Rui: Perhaps from your point of view. But not from mine.
Tsukushi: Fu. Fufu. Fufufu...
Rui: ...? What's gotten into you?
Tsukushi: You don't get it at all, Rui-san... You may feel this way, but I can't stay quiet about this!
Rui: I believe you have been speaking this entire time, though.
Tsukushi: That's not what I meant! Anyway, I'll definitely make you take back what you said!
Tsukushi: Because I'm going to show you what I can do, Rui-san!
Rui: Is that so? Now, I must go and decline the recital offer.
Tsukushi: Stop! I'm going to help you, so you don't need to decline!
Rui: Like I told you, it does not matter whether you help-
Tsukushi: It'll be fine, I swear! Let's go to the courtyard and talk about it with the others! Quickly, quickly!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
