event148-06 Chapter 5: Day of the Recital!

After working on the song until she was satisfied, Rui steps onto the stage with her upperclassman.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Auditorium]

Toko: Huh~, there sure are a lot of people here. It's my first time coming to one of these, so I never knew they got such a turnout.
Nanami: It's probably because you get to hear lots of great performers from the choir and the brass band, just like at the Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Tsukushi: Yeah, the girls in my class were really looking forward to this.
Mashiro: ...
Toko: What's wrong, Shiro? You keep fidgeting.
Mashiro: I didn't realize how close the stage here is to the audience.
Tsukushi: Now that you mention it... this might even be closer than you get at music venues.
Mashiro: Ngh~. I can't believe I stood up there during the Music Festival...
Toko: Huh? Why are you getting nervous now?
Mashiro: I just realized that I really did perform in such an intense place...
Tsukushi: B-but you were fine at the time... Your nerves are way too delayed!
Mashiro: Do you think Rui-san is okay? She might be nervous too...
Toko: Rui~? No way! She never gets nervous, I swear!
Nanami: Calm down, Shiro-chan. How are you going to cheer for Rui-rui if you're nervous?
Tsukushi: That's right! We have to cheer for Rui-san!
Nanami: She did work very hard during her practices with Tachibana-senpai.
Nanami: Do you remember when they let us watch them rehearse? Rui-rui said they weren't quite harmonious enough yet, but even then they played amazingly well.
Mashiro: Yeah... Their music sounded really joyful. Like they were soaring.
Tsukushi: Soaring?
Mashiro: U-uhh, it looked like two little birds soaring through the sky together.
Toko: But you can't see sound.
Mashiro: W-well, that's the impression it gave me...
Tsukushi: Fufu, you say some really interesting things, Mashiro-chan. But I think I kind of get it!
Toko: Ah, someone's coming out on stage! I think it's about to start.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Concert - Dressing Room]

Rui: ...
Tachibana-senpai: Yashio-san, it's almost time. How confident are you feeling?
Rui: I was able to get the song to a level I am satisfied with. There will be no issues.
Tachibana-senpai: I see. Great. I've been looking forward to performing with you, you know.
Rui: ... About that. Why did you choose me?
Rui: Many people can play the violin better than I can. Despite this, you asked me... I thought it rather odd.
Tachibana-senpai: Why do you think I chose you, Yashio-san?
Rui: Because we are acquainted?
Tachibana-senpai: I don't choose my partners like that. I'll answer your questions after our performance, okay? Let's go.
Rui: ... Fine.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Auditorium]

Mashiro: Ah! Rui-san is on stage...
Nanami: That's our Rui-rui~. She doesn't seem nervous at all.
Tsukushi: Good luck, Rui-san...
Toko: Rui! You've got this!
Rui: ...
Tachibana-senpai: Fufu, what nice friends you have.
Rui: Let us begin. Are you ready?
Tachibana-senpai: Of course. Anytime you are.
Rui: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
