event148-03 Chapter 2: Trials of Tsukushi and Friends

Preparations for the seminar are much harder than expected. Their work isn't going as planned...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Rui: I have brought the reference materials.
Nanami: Nice~. Oh~, that's a lot of papers.
Mashiro: I can't even see your face, Rui-san...
Tsukushi: I didn't know they handed out this many papers at seminars...
Rui: This is only one portion of them. There are three times as many still to come.
Tsukushi: I think this is going to be harder than I thought...
Toko: But, hey, why are we doing this here? Let's go to the student council room.
Nanami: Ah, right. You didn't hear since you went to buy a drink.
Tsukushi: The student council room makes Mashiro-chan nervous, so she said she wants to work in a classroom.
Toko: Huh~?
Mashiro: I can't work in the same place as all those amazing people, my mind would go blank...
Rui: I do not mind where we work as long as the location does not impede us. Let's begin.
Rui: We are to create the documents that will be used by all participants at the seminar. This includes programs and schedules.
Rui: I need you all to make the programs. Here... Summarize the information on these.
Tsukushi: Whoa, what is this?! This isn't English... Right?
Rui: It's French. These are interviews with each of the artists.
Rui: I translated them yesterday, so use them for reference.
Mashiro: Umm... Do you mean these sheets at the back here? By translated, do you mean- Huh, do you speak French, Rui-san?
Rui: I can understand a fair amount.
Mashiro: W-wow...
Rui: It is not that surprising. I believe there are many students who can read and write French here at Tsukinomori.
Toko: Now that I think about it, I think a lot of my friends can. I guess it's 'cause lots of girls at our school have lived and traveled overseas since they were kids~.
Mashiro: I see... So, does that mean you all speak French...?
Tsukushi: Huh?! O-of course. I know that "bonjour" means "hello"...!
Toko: But you know, it doesn't matter if you do or not.
Toko: I have loads of foreign friends, and we just get each other.
Mashiro: I think that's something only you can do, Toko-chan...
Rui: Enough chit-chat, start working. Could you summarize the information into one page for each artist?
Nanami: Okay~, leave it to us. Shiro-chan, could you do this one?
Mashiro: S-sure... Hm? Huh...? This artist's interview is four pages long. How am I supposed to fit it into one-
Toko: Easy-peasy! You've just gotta get a sense for it and put it together however you feel works best.
Mashiro: But I don't have that sort of sense~.
Tsukushi: What should I do...? This artist has six pages...
Rui: If you cannot do it, I will.
Tsukushi: Ahh~, wait, wait...!
Nanami: Hmmm... I'll leave this part and this part... Yeah.
Nanami: Shiro-chan, I circled the parts of this interview that I thought were interesting~. Maybe start with those~.
Mashiro: The parts you thought were interesting...?
Nanami: This artist's first piece was a painting of the Seine~. So I think it would be good to include the parts where they talk about the river itself.
Nanami: And it seems like they've been inspired by the Eiffel Tower recently. They've done paintings of it in the morning, noon, and night.
Tsukushi: I see... So, how about this person...?
Nanami: This artist does a lot of work exploring the themes of light and dark~.
Nanami: And it also seems like they do junk art, so you should circle that part too.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: ...
Nanami: ...? Wh-what? Is there something on my face...?
Rui: I am shocked by your deep knowledge of the arts.
Nanami: Huh...? I-I only know a little bit~. The artists coming to this seminar are acquaintances of my Papa~.
Tsukushi: He's acquainted with foreign artists...?
Mashiro: I guess that's what happens when you have artists for parents...
Tsukushi: But I think this might work! Nanami-chan! Could you circle the important parts of the interviews for us?
Tsukushi: Then we can use those to summarize them!
Nanami: Sure, but... don't expect too much~. I just happen to know a little bit about them.
Toko: Alright, let's get into it!
(Black cut)

[Two Hours Later]

Tsukushi: We're done~! Rui-san, we've finished the programs! ... Here!
Rui: ... You have compiled them quite well. Good work.
Toko: Alright! I knew it, I'm a genius~.
Rui: Honestly, I am surprised. I did not think you would be able to finish these today.
Toko: Right~? Just goes to show how capable I am!
Rui: I think Hiromachi-san answering all of Kirigaya-san's questions was a large part of it.
Rui: Thanks to that, I was also able to focus on my own work.
Tsukushi: H-huh? Are you actually praising us...?
Mashiro: Ahaha... But now we are ahead of schedule.
Rui: Indeed we are, Kurata-san. Now-
Nanami: Yeah~. Like Rui-rui is about to say, let's take a break.
Rui: ...
Nanami: Hm? What is it, Rui-rui~?
Rui: ... Why did you think I would suggest a break?
Nanami: Well, even at band practice, you never go for more than two hours at a time.
Nanami: So I thought you'd probably say that soon~. Did I get it wrong?
Rui: No... You are correct.
Tsukushi: Okay, then let's take a ten-minute break!
Nanami, Mashiro & Toko: Okay~! Yeah! Okay!
