event148-07 Ending: A Sound that Leads and Invites

After a successful performance, Rui's upperclassman explains why she was invited...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Recital - After the Performance]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Rui: That was an excellent performance, Tachibana-san.
Tachibana-senpai: As was yours. I'm glad that went well. The crowd seemed to enjoy it too.
Rui: Yes. I think it was a harmonious performance. Just like we practiced.
Tachibana-senpai: Your sound has changed a bit from how it used to be, Yashio-san. It was really fun playing with you.
Rui: It has...?
Tachibana-senpai: You hadn't noticed, had you? The old you used to play the violin like it pained her.
Tachibana-senpai: But once you started playing with Morfonica, it sounded more comfortable. Like you were nestling in with everyone and leading them. That's why I chose you as my partner, Yashio-san.
Rui: ...
Tachibana-senpai: What's wrong?
Rui: ... My fellow Morfonica members once told me the very same thing. They said that my violin leads them.
Tachibana-senpai: They must really pay attention to you, Yashio-san. What great friends.
Tachibana-senpai: I'm going to go now. Let's play again together sometime.
Tsukushi: Rui-saaan~...!
Tsukushi: There you are! You weren't in the dressing room, so we went looking for you.
Rui: I was talking to Tachibana-san.
Tsukushi: I see. Anyway, good work out there! That was such a great performance. I was so mesmerized.
Nanami: Yeah, yeah. The people around me were closing their eyes and listening.
Mashiro: I could clearly hear both the violin and the piano, but they weren't interrupting each other... It was very soothing to listen to.
Toko: Yeah! Rui always goes on about how "music is about harmony," right?
Toko: Honestly, I didn't really get that, but I think I do now!
Tsukushi: Without a doubt, you were the best performers on that stage today!
Rui: Recitals like this are made up of both ensembles and solo artists.
Rui: Therefore, I do not think it is possible to determine who is the best.
Tsukushi: But it is! We think that you two were the best, Rui-san!
Toko: Way to say it, Fusuke! The most important thing is how you felt about it anyway.
Rui: You cannot call that fair. That way of viewing things is heavily skewed by one's emotions.
Nanami: But isn't that what art is all about? What looks like trash to one person could be another person's treasure.
Mashiro: I think I understand that. Remember all of the artworks we saw when making those lists for the seminar?
Mashiro: Speaking truthfully, I wasn't sure which ones were good and which ones weren't... But even so, I knew which one I liked the most.
Tsukushi: It was the painting of the stuffed bear, right?!
Mashiro: Yeah! Because it looked like Michelle-san.
Rui: We have different ways of thinking. I cannot comprehend such a thing.
Tsukushi: And that's fine! Even though you think differently from how we do, nothing can change the fact that we liked your performance the best, Rui-san!
Rui: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Tachibana-senpai: They must really pay attention to you, Yashio-san. What great friends.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Nanami: Rui-rui?
Rui: ... It is nothing.
Toko: Alright, now that that's over, let's stop somewhere on our way home!
Tsukushi, Nanami & Mashiro: Agreed!
Rui: I shall pass.
Toko: Huh?! But there's no point in going if you don't come!
Rui: I have to clean up after the recital.
Tsukushi: Ah, right. Then we'll help too!
Nanami: Yeah~. If we do it together, it'll be over in no time~.
Toko: Okay, so we finish it super quick, and then we celebrate on our way home!
Mashiro: B-but the student council will be helping clean up too, won't they...?
Toko: It'll be fine! I'm here, and I've got way more charisma than anyone in the student council, so you've got nothing to fear!
Tsukushi: Now, let's go to the auditorium!
Rui: ...
Rui: Do as you please.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
