event15-04 Chapter 3: Somewhere Basement-like

Saya and Tae take a shot at guessing where Arisa's secret spot is based on her personality.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki)

[Fair]

Saya: Hello~, Arisa~! Where are you~? Arisa~!
Tae: ... Doesn't look like she's around.
Saya: Aw man... And my phone is still out of service... What about yours?
Tae: Nothing.
Saya: I heard a few people talking about it early, and it's as I thought. The large crowd makes it hard for our phones to connect...
Tae: But not being able to call them... That's rough...
Saya: It sure was a good thing we were holding hands... We might have gotten separated if not for that.
Tae: That's exactly what I was telling Arisa...
Saya: What should we do? Think we should go back to where we split up with Kasumi and Rimi-rin?
Tae: ... We've been walking for a while, so I doubt they would be there.
Saya: I guess you're right. Hmm~, what to do, what to do...?
Saya: If we knew this was gonna happen, we would've been better off asking her where this secret place of hers is. I have a feeling we'd find her if we went there.
Saya: ... Ah, speaking of! What about the magazine that Kasumi was reading? You think it'd be in there?
Tae: I don't think so. Arisa doesn't seem like the type to recommend that kind of place.
Saya: ... Yeah. And she was calling it a "secret" spot.
Tae: What if we try to guess the spot based on Arisa's personality...? It'll be like we're detectives. Sounds like fun.
Saya: Arisa's personality... Uhh, based on what we know about her... It would likely have to be a place with few people.
Tae: Mhm, I get that feeling too.
Tae: And since she said it was a secret place, it'd have to be a place most people wouldn't think of going to.
Tae: Arisa has kind of a twisted mind, you know?
Saya: I-I mean, she may be a bit hard to understand sometimes...
Saya: But thinking about it that way, it probably wouldn't be a place that I would think of. I'd choose somewhere higher up since it's easy to see the fireworks...
Tae: Right. There'd normally be a lot of people in a place like that.
Tae: Also, when you think of Arisa, you'd probably think of the word introvert... or loner...
Saya: (Probably could've stopped at introvert...)
Tae: And she likes dark places, like the dim and quiet basement in her house...
Tae: ...
Tae: ... Do you think, maybe, Arisa is... a ghost or something?
Saya: Pft... Fufufu...! That's taking it a little too far~.
Saya: But a place that's dark and quiet like her basement... Is there a place like that nearby here...?
Saya: ... Ah! Now that you mention it, isn't there a shrine nearby?
Tae: Because she's an evil spirit?
Saya: That's not what I mean! But there was one, right? A shrine in the forest, which means not many people would walk by it.
Tae: Mhm, there is. If we walk toward the high ground that everyone is going to and take a right into the forest, it'd be right there.
Saya: That's right! That might be where Arisa's secret spot is!
Saya: It's surrounded by trees, so it's dark and quiet just like the basement.
Tae: Mhm, and it sounds like a place where ghosts and spirits might live, so you could be right. All in a day's work for Great Detective Saya.
Saya: Ahaha, thanks. Alright, let's go check it out.
Tae: Got it. Also... Hand, please.
Tae: Can we hold hands? So we don't get separated.
Saya: Yep! Let's do it!
(Black cut)
