38_Tsugumi Hazawa_R2 Onstage

<About My Costume>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Moca: Haa~... You did good work at rehearsal today, Moca-chan.
Moca: You pretended it was the real show and even wore your stage outfit. Everything is looking okay~.
Moca: I think you deserve a reward. Looks like we'll need to buy some buns~.
Moca: ...
Moca: ... Tsugu~. Are you done yet~? How long do I have to talk to myself~? You're so slow~.
Tsugumi: S-sorry! I'm coming out now!
Tsugumi: T-thank you for waiting!
Moca: Whoa...
Tsugumi: Wh-what happened, Moca-chan?
Moca: Tsugu, you have to be really excited and full of spirit to be walking home in your stage outfit~. Feels tsugurifically tsugurific.
Tsugumi: Huh? Ah! You're right! I forgot I was even wearing it in the first place! Sorry, let me go change really quickly...!
Moca: Aww, c'mon. If we don't hurry, the bakery will close. It's fine, you can just go like that.
Tsugumi: B-but...!
Moca: No buts. Only buns. Come on, come on, let's go~.
Tsugumi: What? No... Moca-chan, wait!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Moca: Hmhmm♪Hmhmhmm♪Let's eat buns~. Today buns~, tomorrow buns~. Buns~♪
Tsugumi: Ahh, I knew walking around in these clothes would be embarrassing... I'm not used to this...
Moca: There's nothing to be ashamed of. That outfit suits you well.
Tsugumi: ... I just... don't think I suit it well, yet.
Moca: ... Huh? Is it, perhaps, that you actually hate it?
Tsugumi: What?! No, no! I don't hate it at all!
Tsugumi: What I mean is... Uhm...
Tsugumi: I'm not ready to put this outfit to good use... That's what I mean...
Tsugumi: But everyone chose it especially for me, and I really love it.
Tsugumi: The problem is inside the outfit... You know, with me.
Tsugumi: In order to make it look good, I have to get better at performing and do my best as a member of the band.
Tsugumi: But to do that, I need a lot more practice...
Moca: ... Hehe, hehehe.
Tsugumi: Wh-what's wrong?
Moca: Nothing, just... I was thinking, you're so Tsugu-like.
Tsugumi: Y-you think so?!
Moca: Alright, no choice I guess. You'll need a rehearsal buddy until you feel like, "I finally have what it takes to make this look good!"
Tsugumi: R-really?! Thanks, Moca-chan!
Moca: ... Is what someone was saying~.
Tsugumi: Hey~!
Moca: Hehe. Don't worry about it, let's just relax~.
Moca: Before anything, we need to hurry to the bakery~. Tsugu~. C'mon, move faster~.
Tsugumi: Hey, wait! Moca-chan~!


<Where I Call Home>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Oh, h-hello!
Tsugumi: ... Huh? Y-you thought our gig was really good? Th-thank you...!
Tsugumi: To tell the truth, the part I was stressing about the other day in the corridor... I played it fairly well today. Everyone was happy for me... Fufu, I was so glad.
Tsugumi: I practiced so much that my fingers started to hurt... It was worth it though.
Tsugumi: But this doesn't mean I can let my guard down! I still need to put in a lot more effort!
Tsugumi: *sigh*... I still feel happy just thinking about it...! Ran-chan even said that I did a good job.
Tsugumi: ... You might've heard this from one of the other girls, but we've all been friends since we were little.
Tsugumi: Since being together was just such a normal things for us, I always thought it was going to be that way...
Tsugumi: But sometimes things don't always work out how you think they will, right? For us, things like being put in different classes, or our club activities.
Tsugumi: So that's why we started the band. So that we would have a place to come back to even if we got split up.
Tsugumi: That was really the only reason in the beginning, but before we knew it the band became something bigger... and now everyone is taking it really seriously...
Tsugumi: ... Oh! This outfit, um...! Tomoe insisted that I wear it...! It wasn't my first choice...
Tsugumi: A-anyway, I'm the one who suggested we start the band, so I can't afford to be the one that holds everyone back!
Tsugumi: That's why I need to work on my keyboard skills...!
Tsugumi: It's always been like this with lots of things, but I have my hands full just keeping up with the others. That's why I have to practice extra hard...
Tsugumi: So that I can have days like this where I'm glad that we have the band…
Tsugumi: And so that I can tell myself that starting the band just so that we can stay together wasn't a mistake...!
Tsugumi: ... Oh, I'm sorry! You must be sick of hearing about me...
Tsugumi: I-I think I'll head back to the others now.
Tsugumi: Thank you! I'll keep doing my best!
Tsugumi: Okay, see you around!
