39_Tsugumi Hazawa_R3 Always Starting

Gacha phrase: This is just the kind of challenge we need! Let's do it!

<Tsugu's Good Points>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Himari: Huu... The tea here at Tsugu's house is delicious as always~.
Tomoe: Right? It really hits the spot after rehearsal.
Tsugumi: Hehehe... Relax and have as much as you want.
Himari: Thanks~!
Himari: But it's really a shame that Ran and Moca couldn't come. Too bad they had stuff to take care of.
Tomoe: Well, not much you can do, right? Happens to all of us.
Himari: Yeah. Haa, I'm feeling kinda sleepy... Maybe I worked too hard at rehearsal today.
Himari: Hmm!! Just gotta find that fire, and it'll wake me right-
Himari: Ah! Speaking of fire...
Tsugumi: Did something happen, Himari-chan?
Himari: No. I was thinking, the way you were fired up that last time was totally awesome.
Tsugumi: Uhh, when... was that?
Tomoe: ... Oh, I got it. When we decided to be part of Girls Band Jam, right?
Himari: Yeah, yeah! When you were like, "this is the kind of challenge we need! Let's do it!" You were so serious!
Tomoe: Mhm. Everyone could feel the heat from that flame.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Stop, I'm so embarrassed...
Tsugumi: I wasn't even really thinking about it. I just thought, "I wanna try!" And everything just sort of followed from there...
Tsugumi: ...
Tomoe: Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Now that I think about it, that seems to happen a lot.
Tsugumi: ... My feelings sort of take over, and without thinking, words just come flying out of my mouth. Is that a bad thing?
Tomoe: Not at all.
Tomoe: If it wasn't for you speaking up, our band would still just be playing around.
Tomoe: It's thanks to you that we've gotten this far.
Himari: Yeah, Tsugu!
Himari: You gave us a hard push when we were all worried and backing down! That's why we were a part of Girls Band Jam.
Himari: In fact, we're grateful to you for that!
Tomoe: Yup! You put that fire under us whenever we can't decide on something. That's one of the good things about you.
Tsugumi: Y-you think so? I'm not really sure...
Tomoe: ... That lack of certainty is definitely one of your weak points.
Tsugumi: S-sorry...
Tomoe: No, I'm not really blaming you.
Tomoe: I just wish you'd carry yourself with more confidence. Like about how you're a good friend or how you have such intense drive...
Tomoe: You're a really hard worker. No one matches you in willpower. You should feel proud of yourself once in a while.
Tsugumi: Hmm...
Himari: That's right! You've put in tons more effort than any of us!
Tomoe: ... And because of that, I think you should take the time to pat yourself on the back every now and then.
Tsugumi: ... Thank you.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan. Himari-chan. I'm so happy...!
Tomoe: Hehe... Tsugu's smile is still number one.
Himari: Yeah, yeah! I love cheerful Tsugu!
Tsugumi: R-really? Hehehe...
Tsugumi: I'm not sure if I'll be able to be proud of myself, but...
Tsugumi: I think I can be more confident! Little by little...
Tsugumi: So... I'll do my best!
Tomoe: That's the spirit!
Tomoe: ... By the way, Tsugu. I was thinking of getting dessert. What do you think I should get?
Tsugumi: Huh? Ah! Wait! G-give me a second! Uhh, uhm... This isn't enough time! I can't choose~!
Himari: Hahaha, looks like that fire's been put out.
Tomoe: Hehe... Just another part of Tsugu I guess.
Tsugumi: Hey! Stop making fun of me you guys~!


<Everything Is Precious>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Hmm, where should I practice today...
Tsugumi: The studio was full yesterday when I checked. I wonder if there's somewhere I can play without bothering anyone...
Tsugumi: ... Oh, hello, {{userName}}-san. Are you going somewhere?
Tsugumi: I see, you're heading to the studio today.
Tsugumi: Huh? Me...?
Tsugumi: Everyone is having the day off today, so I thought I'd do some practice on my own.
Tsugumi: What...?
Tsugumi: N-no, there's nothing impressive about it at all! I'm not talented like the others, so I have to practice more than them just to keep up...
Tsugumi: That's why I always make a point of trying to play my keyboard whenever I can.
Tsugumi: ... Fufu, it's so kind of you to always think about us, {{userName}}-san.
Tsugumi: Yeah, that's true. I do feel anxious sometimes.
Tsugumi: I wonder how long I should keep this up for.
Tsugumi: But if I start thinking about that, there's just no end! I want to focus on the things I can do now.
Tsugumi: Like what?
Tsugumi: U-umm, well...
Tsugumi: Ran-chan and Moca-chan are in perfect sync, and Himari-chan and Tomoe-chan support Ran-chan's voice with their rhythm.
Tsugumi: The only way for me to keep doing my part is to just practice as much as I can!
Tsugumi: At the end of the day, the only way I can contribute is by just working hard.
Tsugumi: That's one of the good things about me?
Tsugumi: Th-th-that's so kind of you to say...! Oh, n-no, I'm not trying to be humble…
Tsugumi: It's just that no one ever compliments me, so when you said that it made me feel kind of funny.
Tsugumi: Ehehe, thank you! That makes me so happy, {{userName}}-san!
Tsugumi: ... But, that's not the only reason why I keep working so hard.
Tsugumi: I might have told you this before, but... starting the band was my idea.
Tsugumi: Some things didn't work out during junior high school, and Ran-chan stopped coming to class...
Tsugumi: So we started the band so that everyone could still be together.
Tsugumi: I kind of just blurted the idea out, but Himari-chan was sweet and she got behind it too. Moca-chan and Tomoe-chan also said they thought it was a good idea.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan was the last one, but she said okay, and that's how Afterglow was formed!
Tsugumi: After that we played for the first time at our school festival, and at some point during practice we decided to get serious about the band...
Tsugumi: And then before we knew it, we were playing shows at the live house.
Tsugumi: We started the band for Ran-chan, but now Afterglow is a really important place for me.
Tsugumi: ... That's why I feel I have to practice so hard. To protect this important place.
Tsugumi: And besides, I'm the one who started everything. I have a responsibility now... right?
Tsugumi: Ehehe... This stuff is kind of embarrassing to talk about...
Tsugumi: Huh? Did I do anything else like this?
Tsugumi: Hmm, let's see...
Tsugumi: Oh, it was my idea to enter Girl Jam as well.
Tsugumi: One day when we were practicing at the studio, Himari-chan brought a flyer advertising for bands to enter Girl Jam.
Tsugumi: It's a major event, so everyone was a little hesitant about it…
Tsugumi: Before I knew it, I just said "let's do it!"
Tsugumi: Ahaha... it's exactly the same as when we started the band. I just kind of went with the momentum and said it...
Tsugumi: Everyone was kind of stunned. Moca-chan teased me, saying I was so cool, you know?
Tsugumi: I-I felt so embarrassed after that...
Tsugumi: A lot happened along the way, but... we all worked really hard together, and our gig was a success!
Tsugumi: After everything finished, Himari-chan started crying... I almost starting crying too because of her!
Tsugumi: All of these things are special memories to me!
Tsugumi: ... Sometimes I think about the day I said "let's do it!", and I always feel glad that I did.
Tsugumi: If I didn't say it, none of this would be happening right now!
Tsugumi: I can be a little slow sometimes, and when things don't go my way I get a bit negative.
Tsugumi: But when I'm with everyone, I can always keep my head up. I feel like I can push through anything.
Tsugumi: If I keep being negative, I'll never ever catch up to the others.
Tsugumi: So I think I'll just keep working hard so that someday the others will be able to rely on me!
Tsugumi: ... Huh? You'll keep watching over us?
Tsugumi: Th-thank you! With you supporting us, it's even easier for me to stay positive, {{userName}}-san!
Tsugumi: Ahh!! I-I'm sorry I kept you so long... You're heading to the studio now, right?
Tsugumi: I still need to find somewhere I can practice today...
Tsugumi: Huh, the studio? There's been a cancelation...?
Tsugumi: Y-yes, I'd love to use it!
Tsugumi: I really didn't think I would be able to use the studio today. I'm going to practice extra hard now!
Tsugumi: ... O-okay, here we go.
Tsugumi: Hey, hey, hoh~!
Tsugumi: ... E-ehehe, I thought I'd copy Himari-chan's thing. Don't miss our next show, okay?
