125_Tsugumi Hazawa_R2 Meteor Shower

<Astronomy's Kinda Fun>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Hehe, it's been a while since we've had time for coffee like this.
Ran: Yeah, you're right.
Tsugumi: How am I doing? Have I been getting better at the keyboard...?
Ran: You always practice hard, so you improve pretty quickly.
Tsugumi: Really?
Ran: Yeah... I have no reason to lie.
Tsugumi: Hehe, I see...!
Tsugumi: How's the coffee by the way?
Ran: ... It's good.
Tsugumi: I'm glad.
Tsugumi: You were nice enough to come all the way here, I had to make sure we made the best coffee. It was the right call asking my mom.
Ran: You didn't have to go through all the trouble.
Tsugumi: It's okay, I'm happy to. You don't worry. Just enjoy it.
Ran: Okay... Thanks.
Tsugumi: No problem. It's my pleasure.
Tsugumi: That reminds me; I found this old game console in my closet, and I decided to play for a little bit. It was pretty hard...
Tsugumi: But I ended up getting really into it after trying enough times.
Tsugumi: I became able to use magic and fly... And there were all these really cute enemies. It was fun.
Tsugumi: And I was going through it, bit by bit, until somehow, I completed the stage!
Ran: Wow, Tsugumi playing video games...
Tsugumi: It's really interesting. It's a game where you collect a bunch of stars, but I just could not find the black star~...
Ran: B-black star...?
Tsugumi: Mhm!
Tsugumi: Speaking of stars, that stargazing trip was a lot of fun, wasn't it?
Ran: Stargazing trip? Oh... You mean the one with Kasumi and the others.
Ran: Right... I mean, it wasn't bad.
Tsugumi: Hehehe...
Ran: What's so funny?
Tsugumi: Hehe, you know...
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, you only say something wasn't bad when you actually had a good time!
Tsugumi: I'm happy to hear you enjoyed it.
Ran: ...?!
Ran: Th-that's definitely not a thing.
Tsugumi: Hehe. I'd love to go again with Tomoe-chan, Himari-chan and Moca-chan.
Ran: With the band...?
Ran: ...Yeah. That's a good idea... I think.
Tsugumi: Alright, then let's ask them about it next time!
Tsugumi: I'm sure they'll all be happy to join, right? I can't wait!


<Witnesses To Sparkle>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Oh, {{userName}}-san.
Tsugumi: Hello. We don't usually run into each other like this on our days off.
Tsugumi: Uhm... Are you out for a walk, or...?
Tsugumi: If so, a night stroll can be nice. You might even be able to see a pretty starlit sky...
Tsugumi: Hm? It was a bit random to start talking about stars?
Tsugumi: Hehe... Well actually, I just went stargazing with Ran-chan and Kasumi-chan the other day.
Tsugumi: We happen to run into Hina-senpai and Kokoro-chan while we were there, too.
Tsugumi: And it was so breathtaking…
Tsugumi: Y-yeah! Being able to see a glittering night sky like that was really fun!
Tsugumi: It was beautiful. The scenery was so romantic...
Tsugumi: Until the stars came out, we all worked to keep each other awake.
Tsugumi: The thing is, I have a hard time staying up at night...
Tsugumi: But Ran-chan and Hina-senpai did their best to help us pull through, and somehow, I was able to do it.
Tsugumi: It's really reassuring when your friends are around!
Tsugumi: Do I think I would have been able to do it if I was alone? Hmm... Well...
Tsugumi: Even with all the effort I could give on my own... I might have still fallen asleep.
Tsugumi: But even if I could hold off by myself, it was because everyone was there that waiting was still fun.
Tsugumi: And it made me feel like, maybe, as long as everyone works together, there's nothing we can't do...
Tsugumi: Eheheh, or maybe that's a bit over the top.
Tsugumi: But it is true that we were able to stay awake and see the starlit sky because everyone was keeping each other from falling asleep...
Tsugumi: So I think, maybe, it is the case that you can do anything if you work as a team with someone else!
Tsugumi: ... Wait, ahh! I completely lost track of time...!
Tsugumi: Sorry, {{userName}}-san! I'm gonna go now! See you next time at the Live House...!
