159_Tsugumi Hazawa_R2 Warm Feeling

<What We Do Together>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Tsugumi: I wonder if Tomoe-chan is feeling okay... They were saying her fever is about 104 degrees, so she must not be doing so great...
Moca: If you're really thinking about it that much, maybe we should all go see her after all.
Himari: Hmm... I know what you mean, but she did tell us not to come in her last message. She said she didn't want to spread her germs...
Ran: That's why I was saying to just leave her alone. All you'll be doing is bothering her if you go.
Moca: Yeah, probably~. Knowing Tomo-chin, she'll be back in school tomorrow like nothing ever happened~.
Tsugumi: M-mhm... I can definitely see that... But I'm still worried...
Ran: ... Tsugumi. We all are.
Tsugumi: Y-yeah, I guess so...
Himari: That's right. It's not like we don't understand how you feel...
Himari: Oh, I know! Why don't we ask if there's anything we can help with?!
Tsugumi: What? You mean you're gonna ask her directly?
Himari: Of course! Now then, just gotta get my phone...
Himari: Uhh... "How are you feeling? If there's anything we can do, let us know, okay?"
Himari: "Make sure you get lots of rest so you can get better soon"... That should be okay, right?
Himari: Okay~... And~, send!
Moca: You know~... Tomo-chin's probably asleep right now~...
Himari: ... Huh?
Tsugumi: You might be right... With a fever that high...
Moca: Hii-chan, I can't believe you would wake up a sick person~... How ruthless.
Himari: C-c'mon guys! Why didn't you say that earlier~?! I already sent the message~!
Himari: ... Hm? Wah, Tomoe answered!
Moca: Oh~, speedy~. Maybe she was awake, then. You're off the hook this time, Hii-chan~.
Ran: ... Well, what did she say?
Himari: "Thanks. I'm happy enough just getting a message from you. I'll be better in no time at all. Just you wait."
Tsugumi: I see... Does this mean there's nothing we can do?
Moca: Well~, the best thing for a cold is just to sleep~. Why don't we let her rest for the day~?
Himari: But, but! Even if we can't go see her, I wanna do something for her~.
Tsugumi: In that case...
Himari: Hm?! Tsugu, did you come up with something good?
Tsugumi: I'm not sure if it's good, but didn't the history teacher say that today's lesson would be on the test?
Tsugumi: So when she gets better, we can teach her whatever she missed. Right?
Himari: ... That's good... What a good idea! I'm sure Tomoe will appreciate it too!
Himari: We should put together today's main points not only from history class but from every class she couldn't make it to and teach it to her later!
Tsugumi: Alright, I'll be in charge of history! I took really good notes... Look.
Moca: ... Hm? Good notes...? It's more like-
Himari: These notes are amazing!
Ran: How...? It looks like an actual textbook.
Himari: ... Hey, Tsugu~. I know I don't have a cold, but... Can I have this notebook~?!
Moca: Tsugu, you've always been really good at taking notes, but it looks like since entering high school, you've become a true master~.
Tsugumi: N-no. What are you saying? Besides, we're supposed to be focused on helping Tomoe-chan, not talking about me.
Himari: Oh yeah! Uhm, okay. I'll bring my modern literature book.
Ran: I guess I'll do English.
Moca: So I must be in charge of classical literature~.
Himari: Okay~! We'll put everyone's notes together and teach Tomoe everything she needs to know! Hey, hey, hoh~!


<Five Is Best>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Ah, yes! I'll be right there! One moment, please!
Tsugumi: Sorry to keep you waiting. Can I take your orde- Oh, {{userName}}-san. I didn't know you were here.
Tsugumi: Yes, I'll take your order... Okay, one black tea... Understood.
Tsugumi: Ah, speaking of black tea...
Tsugumi: Well, actually... the other day, Tomoe-chan was stuck in bed with a cold.
Tsugumi: We were wondering what we could do for her, but she didn't want us to visit because she was afraid of getting us sick...
Tsugumi: But I heard from Saya-chan that she was going to bring something to Tomoe-chan, so I couldn't help myself. I decided I would bring something too.
Tsugumi: What did I bring? Black ginger tea.
Tsugumi: When you drink black ginger tea, your body starts to warm up from the inside, so I think it's perfect for when you have a cold.
Tsugumi: No... It's not really a big deal. It's only natural that you worry when your friends aren't feeling very well, don't you think?
Tsugumi: Not to mention, it's kinda sad without Tomoe-chan at school, and having a band rehearsal without all five members makes it a bit difficult to get settled.
Tsugumi: Ah, she's better by the way.
Tsugumi: Thanks to Ako-chan's personal care, she's out and about, and she's already back at school.
Tsugumi: But it's only been a little while since she's recovered, so we can't have a full band practice yet.
Tsugumi: We'll keep seeing how she feels, and once we know for sure that she's completely cured, then we'll start having rehearsals again.
Tsugumi: Sigh... I hope that day comes soon. I just can't wait until the five of us can play together again!
Tsugumi: ... Oh, I'm sorry. I got a little carried away there.
Tsugumi: I'll have your black tea in just a second. One moment, please!
