184_Tsugumi Hazawa_R2 Tsugu the Fearless

<Someone's Voice>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Himari: Guys, did you see that TV show about ghosts last night?
Tomoe: Oh, Ako asked me to record it for her... I didn't watch it though, I'm not big on that kinda thing...
Himari: What about you, Tsugu? Did you see it?
Tsugumi: I was helping out in the cafe, so I didn't see it either.
Himari: It was sooo scary~! I wanna share how much it scared me with someone!
Tomoe: ... Considering what happened at school, I'm surprised you could go and watch something like that, Himari.
Himari: They're two different things~!
Himari: Screaming at the TV and carrying on is what makes it fun!
Tomoe: You really think so?
Tomoe: Well, as long as it doesn't make you remember that night at the school or make you feel scared.
Tsugumi: It sometimes pops into my mind before I go to sleep... When it does, I just watch TV or read some manga and try to forget about it.
Tomoe: That happens to me sometimes too... I wasn't sure I could take much more when the torch suddenly died the moment we got to the gymnasium.
Himari: That was so scary... But hey, wasn't Tsugu so brave~?
Tsugumi: Huh? I-I was?
Himari: When we were decided who would take the lead, you were like "follow me!" and went first!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I kind of spoke before I thought about it...
Tomoe: Stop being so humble. You were really dependable, you know~?
Himari: Right~? Not to mention, when the torch suddenly died and it was really dark, you took the lead and found the door for us too!
Tomoe: Exactly. Tsugu is always awesome at times like that. Is this when we're meant to say she's Tsugurific?
Tsugumi: I just wanted to get out of there as soon as possible... But the only reason I found the door was because of Himari-chan's help!
Himari: Huh? What did I do?
Tsugumi: You told me where the door was, right?
Himari: The door...? I was next to Tomoe the whole time... I didn't find any doors.
Tsugumi: But you said "This way~! Over here~!" and called us over, right?
Himari: W-wait a second, Tsugu! I have no idea what you're talking about~.
Tsugumi: B-but I heard your voice loud and clear~! That's the only reason I found the door...
Tomoe: ...
Himari: Tomoe, did you hear me say something?
Tomoe: Nope, I didn't hear anything... But, you know...
Tomoe: Maybe it's the same voice you heard when we were counting the steps on the staircase, and everyone thought I said something.
All: ...
Tsugumi: ... L-let's stop talking about this!
Himari & Tomoe: Yeah...


<Enter the Shop Challenge>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Tsugumi: Aww~, I'm so nervous...
Tsugumi: Ah! {{userName}}-san! Hey~!
Tsugumi: ... Huh? Do I really look so tense?! A-ahaha... well...
Tsugumi: This second-hand record shop just opened. I want to take a look inside, but... it's kind of hard to go in.
Tsugumi: Don't you think these kind of second-hand shops have an 'experts only' kind of feel to them?
Tsugumi: Maybe I'm just imagining it... I think they do though...
Tsugumi: What happened to my usual power? What...? Do I come across that way?
Tsugumi: You heard that I took the lead when we went to school at night...? Wait, whaaat?! Who told you?! It was Himari-chan...? Th-that was just because... everyone else was scared...
Tsugumi: Himari-chan said I'm "always strong in a pinch"...? Ahaha... she's just over exaggerating!
Tsugumi: But, hmm... you're right...! Compared to the school at night, this record shop is nothing... Okay!
Tsugumi: Watch, {{userName}}-san! I'm going in!
Tsugumi: O-okay... The school at night is scarier, the school at night is scarier...
Customer: Hey! You look pretty young, but you're into rock? Awesome~.
Tsugumi: Ah! I-I, uh...!
Customer: So what's your thing? You like progressive?
Tsugumi: Um, well... I, err...
Customer: This place has a solid selection, so I'm pretty sure you'll like it in here no matter what you're into. They even have rare stuff that...
Tsugumi: E-err... What do I do...? {{userName}}-san~! This place has everything! Would you like to browse with me!?
Tsugumi: ... I mean, help! I-I can't do this on my own~!
(Black cut)
