192_Tsugumi Hazawa_R3 Student Council Work

Gacha phrase: Stand firm, Tsugumi! Stand firm...!

<That's Tsugu for You>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Culture Festival]

Council Member A: Tsugumi-chan, thank you. You can take a 45-minute break now.
Tsugumi: Phew... Thank you~. Okay, I'll rest now then.
Tsugumi: ... Sigh... I'm so tired... Just back and forth, non-stop since this morning...
Tomoe: Ah, there she is. Yo~, Tsugu. What's up?
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan, Ran-chan!
Ran: Hey. We figured you hadn't eaten anything since this morning, so we bought you something from a food stand.
Tsugumi: Whoa~, okonomiyaki! Looks great~! You guys~! Thanks for the food!
Tomoe: Tsugu, all you've been doing is working all day. Aren't you tired? Not to mention, it's kind of a shame since you're finally at the high school's Culture Festival...
Tsugumi: I'm only a bit tired... But it's the job of the student council to make sure everyone can have fun at the event!
Ran: Oh, how Tsugurific... Didn't you wake up early though? I could never manage that...
Tsugumi: We met here early, checked each class, had a meeting beforehand, have been patrolling the festival and helping the classes in need of assistance...
Tsugumi: I guess it makes sense that I'm tired... Nom nom... That reminds me. Ran, you're not wearing the maid costume...
Ran: N-no way I'd wear that!
Tomoe: When I asked someone from class A, they said she was stubborn about it. Looks like they were looking forward to seeing you in a maid costume, you know.
Ran: Don't be stupid! I'd never wear it! Ever! It'd kill me! Besides, I'm cooking in the back, so it's fine either way!
Tsugumi: That's too bad. I wanted to see you in the costume as well...
Tomoe: Haha. That aside, the Culture Festival on the high school side is so different!
Ran: There are definitely more classes here than in the middle school... But uhm, I think you're getting a little too excited, Tomoe.
Tomoe: Hehe. It's in my blood. I love festivals! The liveliness is awesome!
Tsugumi: Apparently, the number of people here is 1.5 times the amount of last year. Isn't that amazing?
Ran: 1.5?! That's kinda insane, isn't it?
Tomoe: Could it have been... because of the theater club?
Tsugumi: Probably. That could be it. Chisato-san has quite the effect on people.
Tomoe: Shirasagi-san and Seta-senpai were gonna perform Romeo and Juliet, right?
Ran: Interesting. That would explain the crowd then.
Tomoe: I'm told that even though she is a bit weird otherwise, Seta-senpai is pretty cool when she's on stage. Himari was really excited when was telling me.
Tsugumi: Ahaha. She is a fan of Seta-senpai, after all.
Tomoe: Seems to be. She said she wanted to watch from the front, so she ran toward the gym.
Tsugumi: That's right, should be about time for people to be heading there... I wonder if they'll be okay with me taking a break.
Ran: They told you that you could, right? If you're not resting during your break, things can get pretty rough, you know... You do know that, right?
Tsugumi: Ungh... I shouldn't have to be told that... But I'm still worried.
Council Member B: Hazawa-san~! Sorry to bother you during your break! Looks like the spectators are crowding around the gym! Think you could help with directing traffic?
Ran: Tsugumi's on her break, though...
Council Member B: There are no breaks for the student council! I'm going to go collect the garbage and clean up!
Tsugumi: Okay! I'll be there!
Council Member B: Thanks! That really helps!
Tsugumi: Nom.. Nom nom...! Okay! Okonomiyaki, all done! Ran-chan, Tomoe-chan, thank you! I'll be back.
Tomoe: Ahh, yo~! Tsugu~! Don't overdo it~! ... Welp, she's gone.
Ran: Sigh... I hope she doesn't pass out again...
Tomoe: But you know, that's Tsugu for ya.
Ran: Fufu... Sure is.


<A Need to Be Tsugurific>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Tsugumi: Hmm... What did I need again...? I can't remember...
Tsugumi: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Tsugumi: My mom asked me to do some shopping for her, so I'm here, but...
Tsugumi: I forgot the shopping list at home, and I can't remember what I need to buy...
Tsugumi: You think I seem out of it? Hmm... I may still be tired from the Culture Festival...
Tsugumi: We had one the other day at Haneoka, so today we have the day off from our normal duties.
Tsugumi: I'm actually part of the student council, and quite a lot of work needs to be done for the Culture Festival.
Tsugumi: The busiest times of the year for us are during the entrance ceremony, the graduation ceremony and the Culture Festival, but even considering that, there's a lot to do during the festival.
Tsugumi: Specifically, there's... directing the crowds, taking care of the garbage, making rounds to see if there are any classes that need help... And that's not even everything.
Tsugumi: But I feel like it's our role to make sure everyone can enjoy the activities put together by all the classes and clubs without worries, you know?!
Tsugumi: I've been a part of the student council since middle school, so I'm used to the work, but...
Tsugumi: This year was really crazy!
Tsugumi: The theater club was having a guest performance, so Chisato-san from Pastel＊Palettes came. Because of that, the number of visitors was 1.5 times the amount from last year.
Tsugumi: I also helped line up the spectators for the show, but there were so many people, and they were extremely excited...
Tsugumi: I lost to the excitement and got dragged away by the crowd.
Tsugumi: B-but! That goes to show you just how many people there were!
Tsugumi: I'll have to do my best not to get overwhelmed by the crowd next year...! Maybe I should do some training...
Tsugumi: Huh? Did you just say Tsugurific...? Ahaha, {{userName}}-san. So you know that word too.
Tsugumi: During the festival, Tomoe-chan and Ran-chan said I was being Tsugurific too. That I was working too long without a break.
Tsugumi: I... I've caused all of them to worry about me in the past, so logically I know I have to be more careful, but...
Tsugumi: When I'm not busy, I actually feel more unsettled instead of less.
Tsugumi: Maybe it's because when I'm free... I start thinking that there has to be something I can do, and my thoughts start racing...
Tsugumi: That there's no point in doing nothing, so I want to find someone I can help, even if it's only a little bit.
Tsugumi: I'm always working so hard...? Ah, thank you!
Tsugumi: You think I'm a good support for the girls in Afterglow...? Ehehe, so that's what people think.
Tsugumi: {{userName}}-san, thank you so much!
Tsugumi: ... So that's why even though I have the day off, I feel like I should do something! And so I came shopping for my mom, but...
Tsugumi: I guess it was too soon after the festival... I probably should have rested today...
Tsugumi: I have to understand my limits a little bit better...
Tsugumi: I should be sure not to strain myself...?
Tsugumi: Yes, you're right! I'll be careful! H-here I go!!
Tsugumi: ... Ah...
Tsugumi: I shouldn't be doing that, should I? Definitely not... Ehehe...
