295_Tsugumi Hazawa_R2 Night Sky Gazing

<The Story of a Crab>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Walking Home]

Tsugumi: ... And that one over there is Ursa Major!
Tsugumi: The part of the constellation that looks like a ladle is called the Big Dipper.
Tsugumi: They're both made up of bright stars, so they're really easy to find!
Tomoe: Wow... You really know a lot about this star stuff.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsugumi: I really got into it ever since I went stargazing with the others.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsugumi: I've been reading lots of books about it at home too.
Tomoe: I'm glad to see you're enjoying it.
Tsugumi: I am! Reading up on the stars is really fun.
Tsugumi: Oh, that reminds me... Tomoe-chan, you're an Aries, right?
Tomoe: Good memory.
Tsugumi: There's no way I could forget my friend's star sign.
Tomoe: Oh. For me, even if I remember a birthday, I still have no idea what days are what star sign.
Tomoe: ... Hey, Tsugu. Where can I see the Aries constellation?
Tsugumi: Umm, most of the stars in Aries are actually dark ones, so we can't see it from around here.
Tsugumi: It's kind of hard to find unless you go up into the mountains where the air is clear, or somewhere like that.
Tomoe: Oh, that's too bad.
Tsugumi: It'd be nice if we could look at everyone's constellations together someday!
Tomoe: Yeah. Oh, but like, why is that constellation a ram? Is there a reason for it?
Tsugumi: Umm, the ram that the Aries is based on comes from Greek mythology.
Tomoe: Ohh...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: There was a king whose two children were to be sacrificed. The gods sent a golden ram to them and they were carried on its back to safety.
Tomoe: Oh, I see. And that ram became the constellation. That's kind of nice.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: The idea of going to great lengths to help someone reminds me of you, Tomo-chan. Fufufu...
Tomoe: I had no idea. I'll tell Ako this story when I get home.
Tomoe: Oh, actually, Ako's star sign is Cancer. What's the story behind that one? I'm sure Ako would enjoy hearing about it.
Tsugumi: ... Oh, Ako-chan is... a Cancer?
Tomoe: Yeah, that's right. Tell me the story.
Tsugumi: U-umm, well... In Greek mythology, there was a crab who tried to save its brother who was about to be slain by a god...
Tomoe: Ooh! Saving ones brother. That's something Ako would try to do. So, what happened next?
Tsugumi: The crab catches the gods foot with its claw in an attempt to save its brother...
Tomoe: ... Okay, and then what happened?
Tsugumi: Ugh... I can't say anymore!
Tomoe: Huh? Why not? C'mon, tell me! Ako will love this.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan, I can't...
Tomoe: H-hey, Tsugu! What's going on?! Why are you acting so strange all of a sudden?
Tsugumi: I-I'm not!
Tomoe: I wanna know what happens next!
Tsugumi: It's too terrible, I can't say it...!
Tsugumi: I-I'm sorry! Tomoe-chan!
Tomoe: Don't hold out on me, Tsugu~!


<Until the Actual Performance>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Welcome!
Tsugumi: Oh! {{userName}}-san? Nice to see you today!
Tsugumi: You came at just the right time! There's something I wanted to ask you...
Tsugumi: How do I watch a video that's attached to a text message?
Tsugumi: ... Oh, this is something Eve-chan sent me.
Tsugumi: The truth is, we got together and wrote a song for  Pastel＊Palettes to perform. This is a video of  their rehearsals that Eve-chan made for us.
Tsugumi: ... Yeah! Not just Eve-chan, but everyone  in Pastel＊Palettes seemed to like it!
Tsugumi: She wrote in her message that everyone loves the song we wrote for them! I'm really happy about this!
Tsugumi: I think the song came out really good! It was something we can truly be proud of.
Tsugumi: That's why I want to watch the video as soon as I can...
Tsugumi: ... Ah! I see! I just have to press here?
Tsugumi: Okay... I'll give it a try...!
Tsugumi: ...
Tsugumi: ... Hrm~. Maybe I shouldn't.
Tsugumi: ... I mean, it might be more fun just to wait until they are ready to perform it on stage, right?
Tsugumi: I think it will be a more special experience if we wait to see the finished product too so...
Tsugumi: ... Okay. I think I'm going to avoid watching this for now!
Tsugumi: Oh! By the way! You should come with us to see them perform our song!
Tsugumi: I'm sure they'll do an even better job than we can imagine. I hope you'll look forward to it!
