375_Tsugumi Hazawa_R3 A Joyful Tasting Party

<This Year's Chocolates>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Sayo Hikawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Tsugumi: Hm... What should I do for Valentine's Day this year?
Tsugumi: We exchange gifts every year, but the hardest part is always figuring out what kind of chocolates to make...
Tsugumi: Last year, I made... ganache... And before that... I made chocolate gateau...
Kanon: Fueee... Wh-where am I?
Tsugumi: Huh? Is that Kanon-san?
Tsugumi: Kanon-san! What are you doing here?
Kanon: Ah! Ts-Tsugumi-chan! U-uhm, this is a little embarassing but... I'm a little lost...
Tsugumi: You're lost... inside this shopping mall?
Kanon: Y-yeah... I came to buy ingredients for my Valentine's Day chocolates, but...
Kanon: I can't find the grocery store anywhere...
Tsugumi: (... The grocery store is on the lower level, and we're on the second floor...)
Tsugumi: I see... Well, why don't we head there together?
Kanon: Huh? I-is that alright with you?
Tsugumi: Yeah! I was just headed there to buy ingredients myself, so if you're okay with it, we can shop together!
Kanon: Y-yeah! That would help me out a lot...
Tsugumi: No problem! Shopping with someone is always more fun anyways!
Kanon: Thank you so much, Tsugumi-chan!
Tsugumi: The grocery store is on Lower Level 1, which is this way. Follow me.
Kanon: Okay! I'm right behind you.
Tsugumi: Oh yeah, who are you making chocolates for? Is everyone in Hello, Happy World! going to get some?
Kanon: Yup! How about you, Tsugumi-chan? Are you giving everyone in your band something?
Tsugumi: Yeah. We give each other chocolate every year, but to be honest, I'm having trouble deciding what to do this time around...
Kanon: Oh, I suppose it gets harder when you've done it a few times...
Tsugumi: Have you already decided what you're getting everyone?
Kanon: Uhm... I was thinking I'd make Michelle-shaped chocolates...
Tsugumi: M-Michelle-shaped?!
Kanon: Y-yeah...
Tsugumi: H-how are you going to do that?
Kanon: I-I thought I'd buy a bear shaped mold and make my chocolate with that. Once it's hardened, if I decorate it with white chocolate, I think I can get it to look like her...
Tsugumi: Wow! That sounds super cute!
Kanon: Everyone loves Michelle, so I thought they'd all enjoy something like that...
Tsugumi: Definitely! I'm sure it'll make them happy!
Tsugumi: .... Ah! That's it!
Kanon: What is it, Tsugumi-chan?
Tsugumi: Doing shapes of things everyone loves! That's a great idea!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsugumi: (When I made cookies with Sayo that one time, she made them look like things everyone in Roselia would like, didn't she?)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: (I'm pretty sure she told me later that everyone really enjoyed the cookies...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsugumi: I-I think I'll make my chocolates look like everyone's favorite thing too! What do you think?
Kanon: I think that's a great idea!
Tsugumi: S-so in that case, I guess I'll make chocolates in the shapes of... a guitar, a bass, drums, and a microphone!
Kanon: Fufu... Everyone in Afterglow really loves their instruments, don't they?
Tsugumi: Ah! I have to make a keyboard too...
Kanon: Hm? But isn't that your instrument? You're going to make yourself chocolate too?
Tsugumi: W-well, not exactly...
Tsugumi: But everyone's favorite thing... is Afterglow. If I don't make a keyboard too, it's not really Afterglow...
Kanon: Oh, I get it! I'm sure everyone will love that!
Tsugumi: Once we've made our chocolates, do you want to hold a taste test?
Kanon: Y-yeah! That sounds like fun!
Tsugumi: Okay! Now then, onward to the grocery store!


<Valentine's Day Memories>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Tsugumi: Ah, {{userName}}-san! Good Afternoon!
Tsugumi: ... Me? I have band practice soon! If we need any help today, we'll be sure to let you know!
Tsugumi: Oh, that reminds me... This is kind of sudden, but...
Tsugumi: Here you go! Please take this!
Tsugumi: It's a little late, but I wanted to say thank you for all you've done for us!
Tsugumi: ... Yep! I thought I'd give some to you and Marina-san, so I brought it with me.
Tsugumi: Ehehe... I made it myself... so I hope you like it...
Tsugumi: ... Ah, that's right! Did you hear that Arisa-chan made homemade chocolates this year?
Tsugumi: ... Right? I never would have guessed Arisa-chan would do something like that. That doesn't seem like her at all.
Tsugumi: You thought so too, {{userName}}-san?
Tsugumi: But, when I first heard about it, I couldn't help but remember the first time I made chocolates.
Tsugumi: I mean, that was a long time ago, but...
Tsugumi: Before that, I would take the chocolates my mom made for the shop and give those to everyone in Afterglow.
Tsugumi: Everyone always looked like they really enjoyed them...
Tsugumi: I remember thinking, "Next time I'll make something myself, and really surprise everyone!" And so I did. I made everything from scratch for the very first time.
Tsugumi: ... Fufu. This really brings back memories.
Tsugumi: I remember my heart pounding as I handed everyone their gifts...
Tsugumi: I was terrified they wouldn't like it, but at the same time, I really wanted them to eat it. It was a pretty strange feeling...
Tsugumi: ... Hm? What was everyone's reactions?
Tsugumi: Uhm~...
Tsugumi: Looking back, I don't think the chocolate I made was very good...
Tsugumi: But when I told everyone I made it myself, they all told me how tasty it was...
Tsugumi: Moca-chan even went as far as eating all the extras I'd made!
Tsugumi: Seeing that, I was so relieved, and excited...
Tsugumi: ... Fufu. I'm lucky to have such considerate friends.
Tsugumi: I bet Arisa-chan felt the same way as I did back then.
Tsugumi: That fear of failure, and that excitement at seeing their reaction... It's a very unique feeling...
Tsugumi: ... No, I haven't heard how Poppin'Party reacted yet.
Tsugumi: I'll have to ask the next time I see her! Fufu... I can't wait...
