558_Tsugumi Hazawa_R4 A Party with Everyone

Gacha phrase: Falala♪  Christmas is here~♪

<Gingerbread House>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Himari: Alright... Is that everything?
Tsugumi: Yup! Thanks for your help, Himari-chan! I really appreciate it!
Tsugumi: I can't believe my mom just decided to make gingerbread houses in her cooking class now... and then she made me go out and buy everything for her...
Himari: Fufu. I'm sure you'll get a lot of applications this time too.
Tsugumi: I hope so~...
Himari: When we were getting all the candy decorations, I kept thinking "Ran would love this color!" or "This is so Moca!"
Tsugumi: Ah! I was doing the same thing!
Himari: Fufu, I guess that's what you get with childhood friends! Hey, do you remember when we made our own gingerbread house a long time ago?
Tsugumi: Of course I do! We all have such different tastes, so that house's design was really something.
Himari: It was! Tomoe demanded that we make it cool-looking, while I wanted to make a cute princess castle!
Himari: We eventually divvied up the walls, so half of our gingerbread house looked like a pink fairy tale cottage, and the other half was all black and cool-looking, like Tomoe wanted.
Tsugumi: Ahaha! I remember that. For the roof's design, didn't Moca-chan tell us to do whatever we wanted after she won rock, paper, scissors?
Himari: She did~! So it turned into an even bigger mess~... You know, reminiscing like this kinda makes me want to make a gingerbread house again~.
Tsugumi: I've got it! We need a sample for our class anyway, so why don't we make it ourselves?!
Himari: Can we?! I'd love to!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: Alright, we're all set! So what kind of gingerbread house should we make? Does something cute and colorful sound good?
Tsugumi: Sure! It's a sample, so it's better if it stands out.
Himari: Okay~! We'll make the most adorable gingerbread house the world has ever seen~♪
(Black cut)
Himari: And then... We add some mini macarons to the roof... There!
Tsugumi: Wow...! It's so colorful now! That looks great, Himari-chan!
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: If you use this piping tip, you can make flowers with the cream. Do you want to give it a try?
Himari: That's so precious~!  Then I'll use this pink cream and... There♪
(Black cut)
Himari: I'll add another line of cream here to make it look like ribbons... Ah, then we can put these candies on top~.
Tsugumi: Yeah, our gingerbread house is getting cuter and cuter!
(Black cut)
Tsugumi & Himari: It... is... finished~!
Himari: Tsugu and Himari's Special Gingerbread House is complete~! Available now, only at Hazawa Coffee~!
Himari: Yup... No matter which way you look at it, it's adorable! We did a pretty good job, don't you think?
Tsugumi: Yeah! The base color may be pink, but all the candies and macarons make it really colorful. This is the perfect sample~!
Himari: Ehehe~♪ Our hard work paid off~! Now we just have to do the garden.
Himari: Ah, wait! Let's take this opportunity~...
Himari: To send everyone pictures! "Tsugu and I made this! Isn't it amazing?!" ... There.
Tsugumi: Ah, how about we get their opinions on what to do next? "What kind of garden should we make?"
Himari: Ah, everyone's replying! Let's see...
Ran: "That house has Himari written all over it."
Himari: What?! Ran, what does that mean~?!
Tsugumi: I-I'm sure she's just saying it's cute!
Moca: "You should make it look more like a bakery~."
Himari: Of course she wants something related to bread~.
Tsugumi: Fufu...!
Tomoe: "Looks good! This is just my opinion, but I think you should add some sharp colors like red and black to give it that extra wow factor!"
Himari: Fufu...!  They just want us to make it fit their personal tastes~♪
Tsugumi: They really haven't changed.
Himari: No kidding. Jeez~!


<Connecting Tones>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Edogawa Music]

Tsugumi: Ah, {{userName}}-san, good afternoon!
Tsugumi: Thanks for all your help the other day. Are you here to do some shopping?
Tsugumi: Me? I just happened to be in the area, so I thought I'd look around. That's when I found this.
Tsugumi: Yeah, a mini piano! It's so small and cute, but the sound it makes is so beautiful.
Tsugumi: Seeing this instrument brings back a lot of memories...
Tsugumi: When I was little, I got a mini piano from Santa one year. I used to play with it a lot.
Tsugumi: Sometimes I'd get a little too into it, and my parents would get upset...
Tsugumi: I had just started learning the piano around that time, so I'd practice all the new songs I learned.
Tsugumi: Huh? Now that I think about it, if we include the keyboard, I've been playing the piano for almost ten years...
Tsugumi: What? No way, you can't say I'm a v-veteran...! I've still got a long ways to go before I can call myself that. I need to work harder...!
Tsugumi: Besides, it's thanks to my bandmates that I can keep playing the keyboard like this.
Tsugumi: Why was I practicing the piano before we formed Afterglow?
Tsugumi: Hm~, well obviously I liked learning the piano... But something tells me that's not the only reason...
Tsugumi: Ah, maybe... Just maybe, I knew it would come in handy in the future?
Tsugumi: I suppose that's only something I can say now, but if I hadn't kept practicing the piano, I wouldn't be who I am today.
Tsugumi: ... The members of Afterglow and I have been together for so long. We even played together as kids!  Perhaps all those times we hung out have influenced our present.
Tsugumi: That's why I can't help but wonder if the past me knew somewhere deep down that playing the piano would keep us all together...
Tsugumi: ... You know, now that I think about it, that doesn't make much sense, even to me... Ehehe...
Tsugumi: In any case, the past me worked really hard so that I could become who I am today!
Tsugumi: And maybe that's why I kept practicing the piano! At least, that's my theory... How does that sound?
Tsugumi: ... You like the way I think? I'm so glad to hear you feel that way...!
Tsugumi: My past self, my friends in the past... and my friends today are all related to one another.
Tsugumi: Time is a lot like the sky, in that it goes on forever, so I'm sure our past and present are connected...
Tsugumi: You know, now I'm really glad I kept practicing the piano!
Tsugumi: ... Although, lately I've been so concentrated on my keyboard, I hardly ever play the piano anymore...
Tsugumi: Once I get home, I'm going to give the piano a shot! I could even break out one of those songs I used to practice all the time!
Tsugumi: ... Alright, I better get home then! Watch out, piano, here I come~!
