612_Tsugumi Hazawa_R2 Placed in this Candy

<A Return Gift in Return>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Tsugumi: Good morning, Ran-chan!
Ran: What's up? Did you forget your textbook or something?
Tsugumi: No, no. Today is White Day, isn't it? So I came to give my return gift.
Ran: Return gift...? But we all exchanged chocolate with each other on Valentine's Day.
Tsugumi: True, but even still, I wanted to actually celebrate the holiday and give everyone a present of their own!
Tsugumi: Here you are! A White-Day present just for you, Ran-chan!
Ran: ... You didn't have to do this.
Tsugumi: Go on, open it! I hope you like it...
Ran: Is this... candy? No, wait... It smells different... A bath product?
Tsugumi: You got it! Candy-shaped bath bombs!
Tsugumi: I found them when I went to the shopping mall with O-Tae-chan and Chisato-san the other day.
Ran: Huh, now there's two people I don't see you out with often.
Tsugumi: They weren't the only ones there. Kokoro-chan and Ako-chan also came.
Ran: Kokoro was there? And Ako, too? Okay, this group of yours keeps getting more and more puzzling.
Tsugumi: We actually never planned to meet up. It just... sort of happened.
Tsugumi: Wondering how to spend our White Day was the one thing we all had in common.
Ran: Now I see. So then you all went out to look for return gifts.
Ran: This sort of present seems like something you'd pick out. Not only because it has a cutesy design but also because it's a bath product.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan said the same thing. Am I really that easy to read?
Ran: Don't think of it that way. It was a compliment.
Tsugumi: Really? That's a relief.
Ran: This whole candy-shaped-goods idea they got going on is pretty nice. It's so well made.
Ran: The wrapping is spot on, and the actual product inside looks good enough to eat.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan went so far as to almost take a bite.
Ran: I wouldn't put it past her.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan really liked hers, too! She said she'd upload some photos online before using them.
Ran: I'm sure she will. To be fair, they do seem share-worthy.
Tsugumi: You're right, they would make for cute photos! ... Ah, it's time for me to go. I should head back.
Ran: Ah, wait. Uhm... here. For you.
Tsugumi: Fruit candy! But why?
Ran: I just happened to bring them with me from home. They're not a return gift for the bath goods or anything... You can share them with the others in your class.
Tsugumi: Thank you, Ran-chan! I'm sure they'll be thrilled!
Tsugumi: But wait, I thought you didn't really eat sweets?
Ran: I-I just happened to have them, I said. I swear.
Tsugumi: Oh, okay! I'll be sure to pass them out!
Tsugumi: Alright, see you later! Let's make today another day of hard work!


<Sharing the Warmth>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Station Entrance]

Tsugumi: Ah, {{userName}}-san! Are you also doing some shopping?
Tsugumi: So am I. My parents asked me to run some errands for them.
Tsugumi: White Day sales and ads seem to be everywhere this time of year.
Tsugumi: I also decided to celebrate by giving some bath products to all of the other Afterglow members at school today.
Tsugumi: Each one comes in a cute candy shape. Chisato-san was with me when I bought them, and she said I made a good choice.
Tsugumi: They were a big hit with everyone. Moca-chan even said they looked good enough to eat and that she might take a bite out of them! Fufu.
Tsugumi: I personally like bath goods, sure, but seeing the others show interest in something that I enjoy felt kind of good.
Tsugumi: Come to think of it, Chisato-san said she was also looking for gifts for White Day. I wonder if she found anything...
Tsugumi: You're right. I think I'll ask about it the next time I see her.
Tsugumi: Ah, I nearly forgot! Here, this one is for you, {{userName}}-san.
Tsugumi: It may be candy-shaped, but you can't eat it! You'll only get a mouthful of suds.
Tsugumi: No, I insist! You always do so much for me, after all.
Tsugumi: I bought plenty for myself, as well. Each one has its own unique fragrance.
Tsugumi: No, I haven't tried them yet, but I'm really looking forward to it!
Tsugumi: Ah, you're in the middle of shopping, aren't you? My apologies... I'll leave you to it, then.
Tsugumi: It's still pretty cold out, and what better way to warm both mind and body than with that bath bomb.
Tsugumi: Please tell me how it went the next time we see each other!
