662_Tsugumi Hazawa_R4 Busy Vice President!

Gacha phrase: I'm so glad we're all in the same class again!

<President and Vice President>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council]

Tsugumi: I'm here!
Hina: Oh, you made it! Come on in, Tsugu-chan!
Tsugumi: Good afternoon, Hina-senpai!
Hina: Sorry about canceling the last meeting on such short notice~.
Tsugumi: No, no. Your Pastel＊Palettes duties obviously take precedent.
Tsugumi: Is today's meeting related to the same topic as before? Uhm, something involving a boppin' idea...?
Hina: Right! So you do remember! Okay, you're going to love this, Tsugu-chan~!
Tsugumi: U-uhhh, maybe we should wait for the others... I'm the only one here...
Hina: Hm~. Nope, can't hold it in anymore, so you get a special sneak peek!
Tsugumi: Hahaha... You sound ready to burst...
Tsugumi: Okay, what sort of idea have you come up with?
Hina: Hehehe, that would be a new school function!
Hina: Now that I'm the student-council president, I'd like for us to start holding as many fun events as we can!
Tsugumi: Fun events... Uhhh, what did you have in mind?
Hina: For example~... a monthly stargazing party! Designating a special day for eating sushi sounds great, too!
Hina: Well? Totally boppin', aren't they♪
Tsugumi: N-neither of those would be related to the student council~...
Tsugumi: Stargazing is an activity for the Astronomy Club, and the school would never approve a sushi day.
Hina: Awww~! But they'd be so much fun~! I can't use my sway as president somehow?
Tsugumi: I very much doubt it...
Tsugumi: (Hina-senpai doesn't seem to understand what the council does, exactly...)
Tsugumi: (Since I've been on the council for a longer time, it's up to me to help explain it to her...!)
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai, the job of the student council is to improve the quality of the school.
Tsugumi: Gathering the opinions of our peers on various topics and areas that could use improvement...
Tsugumi: We act as the representatives of the student body and help realize their desires. That is what a student council does.
Hina: Wow~. The opinions of our peers...
Tsugumi: While I personally believe your ideas would be fun, they may not be deemed necessary by the other students...
Tsugumi: Therefore, it may be better to try and imagine what it is our fellow students are hoping for.
Hina: Okay, makes sense. I think I get what you mean~.
Hina: ... Ah, in that case, how about this?
Hina: We've got a school canteen, right? I feel like the item selection there has been pretty lacking, so I say we spice it up with more variety!
Tsugumi: Improving the products in the canteen... That sounds like a wonderful idea!
Tsugumi: We receive regular feedback from the students regarding the canteen's selection.
Tsugumi: I believe the student council can do something about that!
Hina: Awesome! I think I'm starting to get the hang of this student-council stuff!
Tsugumi: May I ask you what kind of items you believe are needed most?
Hina: Good question~... Maybe warm food, for starters?
Hina: Sure, you can already get bread or a bento, but I think the club-goers would really dig stuff like fried chicken or meat buns!
Tsugumi: Yes, I agree that warm food items could prove to be popular...
Hina: And in winter, they can sell oden! A nice warm meal to help beat the cold weather!
Tsugumi: O-oden...? I suppose... that might be possible...
Hina: Adding magazines and manga would also be cool!
Tsugumi: Huh? I'm not certain the canteen needs such items...
Hina: Awww, how come? Wouldn't it be nice to walk in during break time and be able to pick up something to read?
Hina: Ah, and we should do something about the operating hours!
Tsugumi: Now that you mention it, it does close a tad early.
Hina: I know! By the time clubs let out, anyone who's hungry gets snubbed~.
Hina: So why don't we try keeping it open twenty-four hours a day?
Tsugumi: I-isn't that just a convenience store?
Hina: Yep. I guess you could say I want one for our school.
Tsugumi: Huh?!
Hina: I can see it now... "Hina-chan Mart"! A one-stop shop for all your boppin' needs~♪
Tsugumi: We cannot put a convenience store inside the school~!


<Together From Now On>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tsugumi: Phew, t-time for a break...
Tsugumi: Trying to play straight through our new song is just as difficult as I expected...
Tsugumi: I can still move my fingers though. Alright, I'll buy a drink, then get right back to it.
Tsugumi: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Tsugumi: Huh? Our rehearsal session is longer than usual?
Tsugumi: Now that you mention it, we are typically finished by this time.
Tsugumi: The reason we came today is to put together our new song.
Tsugumi: We decided to keep at it until the song has taken shape... but it looks like it'll take a little more time.
Tsugumi: ... Hahaha, don't worry. We're pacing ourselves.
Tsugumi: We'll make sure not to have it interfere with school tomorrow. Wouldn't want anything to happen, now that we're in the same class.
Tsugumi: Huh? The others seemed really happy when they mentioned it...?
Tsugumi: We all are! Everyone was nervous when the roster announcement was made.
Tsugumi: Ever since our second year of middle school, Ran-chan had been separated from the rest of us... And each year, we thought that maybe we'd finally get back together.
Tsugumi: It always disappointed us when we found out that we'd still be split up...
Tsugumi: Ran-chan definitely took it much harder than we did.
Tsugumi: She has never admitted it, but there's not a doubt in my mind...
Tsugumi: That's why we're so thrilled to be in the same class again.
Tsugumi: Despite always being together, we were constantly reminded of being apart at school.
Tsugumi: Take school events, for example. Each class usually decides as a group what they'll be doing, right?
Tsugumi: Since we were separated, it was hard for us to make memories that we could share.
Tsugumi: I kept thinking... about how much more fun it could've been if Ran-chan had been there.
Tsugumi: Not only me... but I think Moca-chan, Tomoe-chan, and Himari-chan did too.
Tsugumi: Everyone probably felt the same way.
Tsugumi: That's why the thought of spending this year's school events together has me so excited.
Tsugumi: Fufu, maybe it's a little premature, seeing as how the school year just started...
Tsugumi: But I can't help imagining how the events are going to go...
Tsugumi: Ah, I apologize for babbling on and on like that. You must have so much to do.
Tsugumi: I forgot about the drink I came out here to buy. I'd better hurry and get back to the others...
Tsugumi: Good luck with your duties today! We'll all try to work just as hard!
