727_Tsugumi Hazawa_R3 Step Up

Gacha phrase: I'm not sure how to put it, but... I absolutely love this song!

<A Place We Can All Rest>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: Anyway, we should totally go somewhere on our next day off! Recently, this place seems really interesting...
Moca: Oho~, looks good to me.
Tsugumi: Yeah, it sounds like fun. We'll just have to let Ran-chan and Tomoe-chan kn-
Tsugumi: Ah, a customer. I'll be right back.
Tsugumi: Welcome!
Tsugumi: Ah, Maya-senpai and Yukina-senpai! Thanks for coming!
Maya: Hello, Hazawa-san. It's hot again today, isn't it~? We thought we'd stop by!
Yukina: Are there any tables available?
Tsugumi: There sure are! This way please.
Moca: Oho~, Maya-senpai and Minato-san. Now that's an odd couple~.
Himari: You're right! Maybe that concert brought them together.
Tsugumi: That's probably it! They've been coming here a lot lately.
Moca: Ohoho~, maybe soon you'll have two new regulars, just like Chisato-san and Kanon-senpai~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, who knows? I sure hope so!
Himari: Now that I think about it, a lot of different people have started coming here, haven't they~?
Moca: That's because Tsugu's got herself a real magnetic personality~. I'm impressed.
Tsugumi: Th-that's not true!
Himari: Come on, you're so easy to get along with, Tsugu. Isn't that why everyone comes here?
Himari: You're even friends with Sayo-san and Hina-senpai, right? I could totally see it being your special power~.
Tsugumi: Y-you really think so~?
Himari: Yup! So have a bit more confidence in yourself!
Moca: Hmm... Then what if...?
Himari: Wh-what's with that serious face, Moca?
Moca: At this rate, Tsugu's gonna become friends with all sorts of different people and...
Himari: A-and...?
Moca: Someday this café's gonna be filled with every girls band in town~.
Himari: Argh~, don't scare me like that! I thought you were gonna tell me something awful~!
Moca: Ahaha~, but doesn't it seem possible~?
Himari: Huh? No way, that's never gonna happen!
Himari: Do you know how many bands there are in this town? It's impo-
Kasumi: Hello~!
Rimi: U-uhm, is Tsugumi-chan here?
Tsugumi: Kasumi-chan and Rimi-chan? Welcome! What can I do for you?
Kasumi: We have something we need to talk to you about! Do you have time right now? Ah, and can I get something to drink?
Tsugumi: Yeah, that's fine. What would you like to drink?
Kasumi: Uhm...
Moca: Oho~, now we've got two members from Poppin'Party here too...
Himari: M-maybe someday all the bands really will gather here...
Tsugumi: Come on, you guys are exaggerating!


<Heat Up!>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Thanks for waiting, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Here's the blend you ordered.
Marina: Thank you, Tsugumi-chan.
Tsugumi: Are you two on your break?
Marina: Yup. We had an errand around here, and once we finished that, we decided to take the opportunity to drop by.
Tsugumi: I see. Ah, actually these seats...
Marina: Hm? What about them?
Tsugumi: It's nothing. This just happens to be where Yukina-senpai, myself, and the others started talking about your song.
Marina: Thank you again for that, by the way.
Tsugumi: No, it was nothing! We didn't do anything that deserves thanks.
Tsugumi: We just wanted to do something with such a wonderful song. We couldn't just leave it like that.
Marina: Fufu, well, I'm glad to hear you felt that way.
Tsugumi: It really was an amazing song! Have you heard it, {{userName}}-san?
Tsugumi: Huh? You haven't?! What a waste!
Tsugumi: It's such a good song! Even Maya-senpai and Yukina-senpai praised it!
Marina: C-come on, Tsugumi-chan, cut it out...!
Tsugumi: I especially like the cymbal part after the change in key. As well as-
Marina: Tsugumi-chan, stop! Stop~!
Marina: Hearing all this is making me blush...
Tsugumi: I-I'm sorry! I just got a little carried away.
Marina: Argh, stop laughing, {{userName}}-san!
Tsugumi: It really is a good song though! Everyone agrees on that!
Marina: I-it's still a bit embarrassing... But I am glad you liked it.
Tsugumi: Actually, I'd love to hear more of your songs someday!
Marina: My other songs, huh...?
Marina: Fufu, you got it! I'll have to show you some next time!
Tsugumi: Great! I'm looking forward to it!
