788_Tsugumi Hazawa_R2 Relaying One's Feelings

<A Fleeting Point of View>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown - Gardening Center]

Tsugumi: Hm? I think that's... Ran-chan!
Ran: Tsugumi? What are you doing here?
Tsugumi: I'm buying some new flowers for our café. How about you, Ran-chan?
Ran: I'm looking for some inspiration for my next project. Seeing flowers up close and personal helps me think.
Ran: Even if they're the same variety, flowers are pretty different when compared side by side.
Tsugumi: I see... You're really observant, Ran-chan!
Ran: No, it's nothing special...
Tsugumi: Say, could you help me choose flowers for our place? I'm having trouble deciding with all these choices here.
Ran: Sure. I wanted to have a look around, anyway.
Tsugumi: I didn't notice it before, but they sure have a big selection of autumn flowers here.
Ran: Yeah, especially those roses. They're at their best in spring and fall... The ones over there are blooming nicely too, aren't they?
Tsugumi: Wow, they are! The way they're arranged makes it look like one single tree blooming!
Ran: Be careful when you touch them though. The thorns are surprisingly sharp.
Tsugumi: Oh, yeah... I never noticed because I've always had the clerk remove the thorns, but... they do look really sharp up close.
Ran: In flower arranging, we use the thorns to help give a strong image to our work.
Tsugumi: Wow! Most people tend to only think about the petals, but you consider the entire plant when arranging them!
Ran: Well, it sounds like I know what I'm talking about, but I'm still only a beginner...
Tsugumi: That's not true! When I saw your work the other day, I was really moved!
Tsugumi: All of your thoughts and feelings were very apparent through your choice of flowers... I found myself thinking about all sorts of stuff thanks to your art.
Ran: For real?
Tsugumi: Uh-huh! Um, I remember you saying that you used sasanqua because it was related to when we first met, but...
Tsugumi: I started wondering if there were any other special meanings tied to that flower.
Ran: Oh... Like what?
Tsugumi: After I went home that evening, I looked up all the symbolism behind sasanqua.
Tsugumi: According to the language of flowers, they represent earnestness and overcoming difficulties, right?
Tsugumi: It made me wonder if your flower choice had anything to do with your resolve when it comes to flower arranging.
Ran: My resolve, huh...?
Tsugumi: S-sorry if I'm way off the mark...!
Ran: Overcoming difficulties... Earnestness... Huh, I never knew those meanings were tied to sasanqua.
Tsugumi: Oh... So that means that my interpretation was wrong, right?! H-how embarrassing...
Ran: I wouldn't go that far. If anything, you've given me some new insight to work with.
Ran: For my next piece, I think I'll pay more attention to the language of flowers.
Ran: Besides, it makes me happy to know that you tried to understand my arrangement.
Tsugumi: Really?! That's a relief... I hope you'll let me attend your next exhibition too.
Ran: Of course. You'll have to give me your thoughts then.
Tsugumi: Hehehe... Ah, those flowers look really pretty! Do you think those would look good in our store?
Ran: Ah, they would. I think they'd go even better with those other flowers over there.


<My Answer Vs. Yours>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Tsugumi: Hello, {{userName}}-san! Are you out shopping today?
Tsugumi: I've come to buy some bath bombs. I can't recommend them enough!
Tsugumi: Adding them to your bath can help relieve stress, and the sweet aromas work wonders for getting a good night's sleep!
Tsugumi: ... You know, it kind of sounds like I'm trying to sell them to you.
Tsugumi: Yes, I've already finished my shopping, so I figured I would wander around a little before heading home.
Tsugumi: Ah, that reminds me! Take a look at this! It's a poster for an exhibition that Ran-chan participated in!
Tsugumi: I don't know much about flower arranging, but just one look at her artwork filled me with all sorts of emotions!
Tsugumi: Of course, we went together as a band to see her work. We were going through a rough patch back then, so I'm glad we were all able to meet up in the end.
Tsugumi: Oh, please don't worry. We've already resolved the issue!
Tsugumi: This isn't specific to what happened, but... it can be really difficult to decide how to approach a friend who needs help, can't it?
Tsugumi: I always want to reach out to them, personally... but Ran-chan isn't that kind of person.
Tsugumi: She considers what the other person wants and respects that...
Tsugumi: Doing that requires a lot of courage, though. It helped me realize that telling someone how you feel isn't always the best way to show kindness to someone.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan told me it's her own way of showing people she cares...
Tsugumi: I think the problem was solved because everyone, including Ran-chan, had their own way to handle the situation... Yes, that must have been it.
Tsugumi: If Afterglow lost even one of its members, it wouldn't be the same anymore. Every one of us feels that way.
Tsugumi: I wonder if I was able to help at all... I hope I did.
Tsugumi: Thank you very much for taking the time to listen! Speaking with you helped me feel even closer to my friends than before!
Tsugumi: I'll keep trying my best to make that special bond of ours come through in our performances!
