1088_Tsugumi Hazawa_R4 Proud of My Friend

Gacha phrase: Tomoe-chan's drumming is really incredible!

<Tsugurific-ness, Activate!>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Himari: I wonder where Tsugu is. It's almost time for practice...
Ran: She didn't contact us saying she was going to be late, did she?
Moca: Nope, nothing~. Maybe she got the time wrong~?
Tomoe: It's pretty unlike her to be late. I'll try calling her-
Tsugumi: S-sorry everybody! I didn't mean to be late...!
Himari: Tsugu! I'm glad you're here~. We were worried something had happened to you.
Tsugumi: I'm so sorry... I stopped to buy this, and before I knew it, it was time for practice.
Ran: What's that? A magazine?
Moca: Ah, that cover...
Tsugumi: Yes! It's this month's issue of Melody Musix featuring Tomoe-chan's interview!
Tomoe: Oh~! It went on sale today!
Ran: So you went to buy it for us. Thanks, Tsugumi.
Tsugumi: No, no, I buy this magazine every month. It's no big deal.
Himari: Hey, hey, let's look at the interview already!
Tsugumi: Yeah! Umm, the column is on this page~... Here!
Moca: I spy Tomo-chin~. You look so serious playing the drums like that~.
Tsugumi: Wow, this photo is so cool, Tomoe-chan!
Tomoe: Y-you think so?
Ran: They left in your declaration of war.
Himari: Fufu, now that I'm reading it, you really did say some amazing things~.
Moca: I bet the offers for battles will come flooding in now~.
Tomoe: ...
Tsugumi: ...? Tomoe-chan, what's the matter?
Tomoe: Nothing... It just feels weird to see my own words printed in a magazine.
Tomoe: I don't know why, but it's kinda creepy.
Himari: Hey! Why don't we show this interview to Marina-san?!
Moca: Oh, nice idea, Hii-chan~.
Tomoe: Y-you don't have to do that!
Himari: What~? But it's a great interview. You should show everyone~.
Tsugumi: I would like to show it to everybody too. This interview just exudes coolness, Tomoe-chan.
Tsugumi: I want to proudly tell people that this person is my childhood friend.
Tomoe: Tsugu...
Tomoe: A-alright. But don't overdo it.
Himari: Ooh, ooh, can I show everyone in our class?
Tomoe: Well... I guess that's okay.
Moca: Ah, then how about we post it in the Student Council Newsletter?
Tomoe: Huh?
Tsugumi: The Student Council Newsletter...?
Ran: You mean that monthly paper the student council hands out to every student?
Moca: Yeah~. There's a section in there called "This Week at Haneoka," right~?
Moca: They usually write about students who've won tournaments and such, so I think they'd be willing to write about Tomo-chin.
Tomoe: No, no, no, that's overdoing it! And our band has nothing to do with school anyway.
Ran: But they wrote about Roselia when they performed at Future World Fes, didn't they?
Ran: If that was allowed, then I'm sure Tomoe's story will be fine.
Tomoe: Ngh... Ts-Tsugu, you can't, right? I'm begging you, please tell me you can't...
Tsugumi: ... Hina-senpai usually comes up with the ideas for "This Week at Haneoka," but if I present it to her properly, I'm sure...
Tsugumi: ... Okay, I will try! I'll talk to Hina-senpai about it tomorrow!
Tomoe: Ts-Tsugu~?!
Moca: Oh~, that's Tsugurific, Tsugu~.
Ran: Just give in already, Tomoe.
Himari: Tsugu, let me know if there's anything I can help you with!
Tsugumi: Thanks! Tomoe-chan, just wait and see.
Tsugumi: I will persuade Hina-senpai by preparing the best proposal she's ever seen!
Tomoe: No, you really don't need to do that...!
Moca: Tee-hee, you're so cool, Tsugu~.
Tomoe: G-gimme a break~!


<My Cool Childhood Friend>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: Umm, where is my shopping list...? Here it is. Okay, let's quickly buy what we need and go back.
Tsugumi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello.
Marina: Ahh, hello! Are you doing some shopping too, Tsugumi-chan?
Tsugumi: Yes. My mom asked me to buy a few things.
Marina: Same here. The owner asked us to run some errands.
Marina: Ah, that's right! I saw Melody Musix~. Tomoe-chan was so cool.
Tsugumi: Yes, she was! Tomoe-chan truly is cool...
Tsugumi: I actually watched her do the interview, and my heart wouldn't stop beating the entire time.
Tsugumi: But despite what happened... Tomoe-chan was incredible~.
Marina: Despite what happened...? Do you mean the incident with CHU²-chan?
Tsugumi: You know about that, Marina-san?
Marina: Yeah, I heard the gist of it...
Marina: I suppose if someone told me I was boring, I'd be too busy thinking about that to do an interview.
Tsugumi: Yes, I think so too... I'm sure my head would be filled with thoughts, and I wouldn't be able to answer a single question.
Tsugumi: But Tomoe-chan followed through to the very end! She really is amazing!
Marina: And it was quite a memorable interview at that. I read it over so many times.
Tsugumi: Me too! And that's not the only incredible thing about Tomoe-chan.
Tsugumi: After CHU²-chan left, Tomoe-chan apologized to all of us.
Tsugumi: She told us she was sorry for making Afterglow look bad.
Tsugumi: She should have been shocked that someone had called her interview boring, but instead of thinking of herself, she thought of us.
Tsugumi: I think that Tomoe-chan is truly cool for always being able to put others first like that.
Marina: Most people can't do that, can they?
Tsugumi: Nope! I'm proud to call her my childhood friend!
Marina: Fufu. I bet Tomoe-chan would be happy to hear you say that~.
Marina: ... Ah, oh no. We've been talking for quite a while.
Tsugumi: Oh, wow... I'd better go now. Sorry. I'll be seeing you.
Marina: Yeah, we'd better go too. See you later!
Tsugumi: Yes, see you again at CiRCLE! Goodbye!
