1133_Tsugumi Hazawa_R2 My True Feelings!

<Unexpectedly Close>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: Hmmm... What should I do about this~...? Hina-senpai has gone off somewhere, so I can't ask her...
Himari: You're taking too long, Tsugu~. Did something happen?
Tsugumi: Ah! I'm sorry, Himari-chan! Did you come all the way here to get me?
Himari: You weren't coming back from the student council room, so I got worried and came to check on you. What were you doing?
Tsugumi: Well, I was thinking about what to do for this document.
Himari: Hmm~, lemme see... "Let's make a fluffy mascot for Haneoka Girl's Academy!" ...?
Himari: ... Huh? What does that mean?
Tsugumi: Ahaha… We told you about how Michelle and Marie were at the downtown Shopper Appreciation Day and it was super lively, right?
Tsugumi: When I told Hina-senpai about it, she got really excited and said "If our school had a fluffy mascot, it'd be really boppin♪ So we definitely need one!"
Tsugumi: ... Once she started saying that... it was decided that we'd propose a fluffy mascot for the school.
Himari: Ahaha... That's our Hina-senpai. She really comes up with some interesting ideas. Normally, you wouldn't think of something like that...
Tsugumi: Well, after I did some research online, it seems there are schools that have mascot characters. Still, I don't know how I should compile the paperwork...
Himari: Ah, I see. When you propose something to the school, you need the documents for it...
Tsugumi: Right. The reason for the proposal is particularly difficult... We need to write why a fluffy mascot is necessary, but I can't think of a reason.
Himari: Yeah, you can't really write "Because it'd be boppin'♪" ...
Tsugumi: Right... Also, even if it happened, we would need to look for someone to actually get in the costume.
Himari: Do you have to decide that much at the proposal stage?! The student council really has it tough...
Tsugumi: Well, we're just preparing it just in case.
Tsugumi: Still, I wonder if there is anyone that could be play a mascot character... Something like that looks easy, but I think it'd actually be harder than you'd imagine.
Himari: Yeah, right! Just moving around in a costume is hard, but you also get bigger. So if you're not careful, you bump into stuff...!
Tsugumi: ...? Himari-chan, you seem pretty knowledgeable about this...
Himari: Ah! Ummm, that's... Right! I'm just quoting Misaki-chan!
Tsugumi: I see. If only Misaki-chan was at our school, I would've been able to ask her...
Tsugumi: Hm... I wonder if there's anyone else that has experienced being a mascot character.
Himari: Someone experienced... with mascot characters...
Tsugumi: I doubt there are many people like that. I guess I'll have to ask the theater club for help...
Himari: ...
Tsugumi: Himari-chan? Why are you suddenly fidgeting?
Himari: ... In that case, I might know someone.
Tsugumi: Huh?! Really?! Who?!
Himari: I really want to help you out, but... I don't think I can be the one to say it~.
Tsugumi: Is it someone I know?!
Himari: Y-yeah, probably... Or rather, I think it's someone you know really well...
Tsugumi: Ah! I got it! Is it Seta-senpai?! She's in theater club, so has she done that sort of role before?
Himari: I don't think it's her~.
Tsugumi: It's not...? In that case, is it Maya-senpai? Did she wear a costume for her work in Pastel＊Palettes?
Himari: Ummm...
Tsugumi: Huh?! Is it... Yukina-senpai...?!
Himari: No...
Tsugumi: Huh? Then who?! Tell me, Himari-chan~!
(Black cut)


<Next Time, for Sure>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Tsugumi: Huff, puff... Excuse me! Could you please pick up that flyer for me~? … Ah! {{userName}}-san!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I'm sorry. As I was bringing that home with me, it got blown away by the wind... Ah, you want to know about this flyer?
Tsugumi: Actually, the downtown area is doing an event called Shopper Appreciation Day. This is a flyer for that.
Tsugumi: Right, it's an event that started on Sunday. Michelle and Marie were handing these out on the first day.
Tsugumi: These flyers also have a coupon for our café. Thanks to that, we've gotten more customers than usual.
Tsugumi: Fufu, since Michelle and Marie did their best, we got some great advertisement.
Tsugumi: Those two ladies... I suppose you can call them that... really have such great teamwork.
Tsugumi: If there were kids that wanted to take a picture with Michelle but were too shy, Marie would call them over.
Tsugumi: And when things were hectic for Marie as she was surrounded by kids, Michelle would nonchalantly help her out.
Tsugumi: On that day, the others and I went to go see Michelle and Marie. It was so fun.
Tsugumi: If Himari-chan had been there as well, it would've been perfect.
Tsugumi: ... That's right. Only Himari-chan wasn't able to go...
Tsugumi: Marie's gestures were so cute on that day. Even her poses as she was taking pictures were different from normal...
Tsugumi: That's why if Himari-chan had been there, I think she would've been super excited about how cute Marie was.
Tsugumi: But Michelle and Marie will also be coming to the last day of the event, so I'm sure Himari-chan will be able to go then!
Tsugumi: If so, I want to take a picture of Himari-chan with Marie.
Tsugumi: I hope you'll come on the last day too, {{userName}}-san!
Tsugumi: Ah... I was asked to help out at the café after this, so please excuse me.
