1196_Tsugumi Hazawa_R3 Roc of the Blue Skies

<Wish-Filled Scent>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Shopping Mall]

Tsugumi: Umm... Ah, found it! It's this shop here, Eve-chan.
Eve: Is this... a foreign knick-knack shop? There are clothes with fascinating patterns and accessories... And even some peculiar dolls.
Tsugumi: I'm hoping to buy incense here today.
Eve: Incense?
Tsugumi: Yes, I heard this shop sells lots of different kinds.
Tsugumi: You see, the other day Afterglow had a sleepover, and Tomoe-chan burned an incense that smelled amazing.
Tsugumi: Since then, I've been wanting to place one in my own room.
Eve: How lovely! I once heard that military commanders would burn incense before heading into war.
Eve: I would also like to find an incense that allows me to focus on my battles!
Tsugumi: I-I don't know if they sell that kind of thing...
Eve: Let us set forth in search of incense!
Tsugumi: O-okay!
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Wow! Look at all these colorful boxes on the shelf... Can you believe these are all incense?
Eve: With this many options, I am sure we will find the right incense for you, Tsugumi-san!
Eve: ... Ah, this display in front of the incense explains their effects. It says this one is recommended for relaxing!
Tsugumi: I see. This one here is... for when you wish to concentrate!
Eve: I am sure this would be useful in clarifying my mind and fortifying my spirit!
Tsugumi: I'd like to use it when I'm studying. Ah, or when I'm busy with student council work...!
Eve: Fufu, it is exciting just thinking about what situations we can use this incense in!
Eve: Oh, they even have ones like this. "The sweet scent will make you feel as if you are surrounded by candy."
Tsugumi: Wow, I bet Himari-chan would love that one!
Eve: Certainly! Himari-san is a big fan of sweets.
Tsugumi: ... Come to think of it, that incense that helps you focus might be good for Ran-chan.
Tsugumi: Her flower arrangements may come together even better than usual if she lit it before her lesson!
Eve: Tsugumi-san, this incense is charming as well! It says, "Perfect for a relaxing evening of reading!"
Tsugumi: Reading, huh? I wonder if Moca-chan could use it for reading manga...
Eve: This one here is supposed to heal body aches and leave you feeling refreshed.
Tsugumi: Maybe it would benefit Tomoe-chan. She's been busy lately with dance club, so it would be nice if this relieved her fatigue.
Tsugumi: ... I think I'll give these as presents to the Afterglow members.
Eve: That is a fantastic idea! I am sure everybody will be delighted!
Tsugumi: I hope so. Okay, I'm going to quickly buy these! Um, the checkout is over ther-
Eve: Tsugumi-san, please wait! You have not chosen one for yourself yet!
Tsugumi: Ah! Ahaha... I completely forgot. Thank you, Eve-chan. Then I'll get...
Tsugumi: Hmm... Which one should I pick...? It was much easier choosing gifts for everyone else.
Eve: Well then, may I select one for you, Tsugumi-san?
Tsugumi: Oh, really? Thanks, I'd appreciate it!
Eve: Yes! I will put my heart and soul into choosing an incense that suits you! Umm, let me see...
Eve: Ah, what about this one?
Tsugumi: This is... an incense that helps you sleep better?
Eve: For as long as I have known you, Tsugumi-san, you have been a go-getter who puts your all into everything you do! Sometimes I worry you are overextending yourself...
Eve: So I would like you to use the calming scent of this incense to get a good night's sleep!
Tsugumi: Eve-chan... Thank you! In that case, allow me to find an incense for you.
Eve: Oh, are you sure?
Tsugumi: Of course! You wanted an incense that helps you focus on facing your battles... right?
Tsugumi: Hmm... How do you feel about this one? It's an incense inspired by warlords from the Sengoku period!
Tsugumi: I hope that burning this will support you in conquering your Pastel＊Palettes responsibilities.
Eve: Tsugumi-san...! This is wonderful! Thank you very much!
Tsugumi: It's me who should be thanking you. Well then, let's head to the checkout together!


<A Sky Unseen>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, thank you for waiting. Here are two coffee blends and the seasonal tarts!
Marina: Thanks, Tsugumi-chan. Wow, this tart looks delicious! There's so much fruit on top!
Tsugumi: It's the newest item on the menu. I even got the Afterglow members to taste test it, and they gave glowing reviews.
Marina: I can't wait to try it~. Funny story, I actually dreamt last night that I was here eating cake. That's why I just had to drop by today.
Tsugumi: Really? I guess our actions are often influenced by our dreams!
Tsugumi: I recently had a dream where Afterglow held a concert at a massive venue.
Marina: How nice! I bet the crowd went wild.
Tsugumi: Well... the thing is, I have no memory at all of the mood of the venue or the view from the stage.
Marina: I see. That's a bit of a shame.
Tsugumi: Yes, it is. But maybe it's a good thing I don't remember it.
Marina: Oh, why's that?
Tsugumi: Because I don't want to experience it alone.
Tsugumi: Someday, when Afterglow really does play a huge concert, I want to look out into the audience standing alongside my five group members.
Tsugumi: Besides, it doesn't feel right for a dream to come true without even trying...
Tsugumi: I want us to achieve it with our own hard work.
Marina: I see. That's a really cool way of thinking, Tsugumi-chan.
Tsugumi: Huh? Really? I'm just saying how I feel.
Marina: I hope you get the chance to see that view together in the future.
Tsugumi: Yes. I get giddy just thinking about it!
Tsugumi: In order for that to happen, we need to play lots more shows and get even better at performing!
Marina: Well said. That's the spirit, Tsugumi-chan!
Tsugumi: I'll start by arranging more solo practice sessions, and I'd better consult Ran-chan about increasing the number of shows we play...
Tsugumi: Ah, excuse me! I'm getting carried away.
Marina: That's okay, we enjoyed listening to you. Thanks for telling us your story.
Tsugumi: Thank you very much! Well then, please enjoy your meal.
