1275_Tsugumi Hazawa_R4 Clearing Small Hurdles

Gacha phrase: You're so remarkable, Tsukushi-chan. You never put yourself down no matter what.

<A Café in Need?!>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Tsugumi: Hmm... Maybe I should make the picture a little smaller and the letters pop out more.
Himari: Tsugu, good morning~!
Tsugumi: Ah, Himari-chan and Moca-chan! Morning. The both of you are pretty early.
Himari: That's because I had something I wanted to try during our practice today! When I got to thinking about it, I just couldn't wait any longer~.
Moca: I got here now after stopping by Yamabuki Bakery~. What about you, Tsugu? You seem to be doing something.
Tsugumi: I was making a part-timer recruitment poster.
Himari: You're looking for part-timers? Is Hazawa Coffee adding more staff?
Tsugumi: More accurately, we're looking for someone that can step in for Eve-chan.
Moca: Huh? Why?
Tsugumi: She's getting busy with her work in the entertainment industry and had to cut down on her shifts at the café.
Himari: Pastel＊Palettes has been super successful lately! They were on a TV show yesterday, and Eve-chan's radio program is tomorrow.
Moca: Now that you mention it, it feels like I've been seeing them all over~. With things the way they are, she definitely wouldn't be able to put in shifts~.
Himari: But won't it be really difficult to find someone to step in for Eve-chan when she's so adapted to the café?
Moca: Yeah, really~. Seems like that'd be pretty hard~.
Himari: It'd be great if one of us could help out, but... I'm sorry, Tsugu.
Himari: With my part-time job and my club activities, I'm pretty busy most days...
Moca: I'm in the same boat~. I don't think I'll be able to help~.
Tsugumi: That's okay. Your sentiments are more than enough. Thanks, you two.
Himari: ... Ah, I've got it! In that case, I'll try asking some of the people I know! There might be someone looking for part-time work right now!
Himari: Are there any conditions? Are you looking for a certain type of person?
Tsugumi: Hm~... I wouldn't really call it a condition, but...
Tsugumi: You know how people from downtown, like the man from the grocer and the woman from the dry cleaner, will often come to the café?
Moca: Yeah. Your café is like a relaxation spot for everyone~.
Tsugumi: I've always loved that atmosphere since I was a kid.
Tsugumi: Everyone is smiling and talking so pleasantly...
Tsugumi: And in that circle, you'll always find the coffee brewed by my dad and mom.
Himari: I think I know what you mean! Your café really does feel comfortable!
Moca: Even if I just mean to stop by for a bit, before I know it, I realize I've been there for a long time~.
Tsugumi: I'd love it if the new part-timer came to love our café, including that atmosphere.
Moca: I see~. So that's your condition, huh~?
Moca: Hmm... Then allow Moca-chan to grant your wish~.
Himari: What...? Moca, are you planning on doing something?
Moca: I'll check to see if the person who steps in for Eve-chan is right for Hazawa Coffee or not~.
Himari: Does that mean you'll interview the people that apply for the job? Huh~, can you even do that~?
Moca: You bet~. Moca-chan's eyes can see through everything, after all~.
Moca: I'll show you the proof right now~.
Tsugumi: What proof...?
Moca: ... I can see it, I can see it~. Last night, after all her worrying, Hii-chan had herself some cake~.
Himari: ...! How did you know about that?!
Moca: Heh heh heh~, Moca-chan sees everything~.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, yesterday you sent a message to our chat saying you weren't sure if you should eat cake or not, right...?
Himari: Huh? I did?! Then... Oh~, Moca!
Moca: Aww, guess I got busted~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha...
Moca: Well, all jokes aside... Tsugu, let me know if there's something I can help with, okay~?
Moca: Hazawa Coffee is an important place for the rest of us in Afterglow, just like it is for you~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan... Okay! Thanks!
Tsugumi: When that happens, I'll make sure to talk to all of you!
Tomoe: Morning~! What's the deal? You're all early!
Ran: Himari seems mad. Did you do something, Moca?
Moca: Ran, you're so mean~. Why're you treating your pal Moca-chan like a criminal~?
Ran: Because there's no way that Tsugumi would make someone angry.
Himari: More importantly, listen up, you guys! Hazawa Coffee's in a major pinch!
Tomoe: It is?!
Ran: What do you mean?
Tsugumi: Umm, it's nothing that major, but to tell you the truth...
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<The Cafe’s New Sun>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Welcome! Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Tsugumi-chan, hello. We've come for a somewhat late lunch~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, thank you very much. Please come this way. I'll lead you to some seats.
Marina: Sigh~, I'm so hungry. I wonder what I should order.
Tsugumi: Today's special is the C lunch set. The dessert for it is a Pao de Lo.
Marina: What an unusually named sweet. What is it like?
Tsugumi: It's a Portuguese castella. It's a sponge cake with a thick cream inside it.
Marina: Wow, I didn't know that kind of castella existed.
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan gave us the recipe.
Marina: She did?
Tsugumi: She's off today, but she's working for us part-time!
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan is amazing. She knows so much about international sweets!
Tsugumi: Thanks to her, I think our customers will be able to enjoy sweets that we've never had at the café before!
Marina: Whoa, that is something to look forward to~. I might have to come every day from now on.
Marina: So Tsukushi-chan is working here at Hazawa Coffee, huh~? It seems like she would pep everyone up.
Tsugumi: I think so too! It's really fun working with her.
Tsugumi: She's always cheerful and eager, and she's working on the things she can do one at a time.
Tsugumi: As I watch her, I feel an energy well up inside me that makes me want to do my best too!
Marina: That's amazing~. It's like she's a source of vitality for Hazawa Coffee.
Marina: From now on, I'll have even more to look forward to when I come to the café.
Tsugumi: Welcome!
Marina: Whoa, it's gotten kind of crowded.
Tsugumi: I'm sure they're customers that have come in for a late lunch like the two of you did.
Marina: Ah, in that case, we should probably order right away. I'll have the C set you recommended.
Marina: I can't wait for the Pao de Lo! Are you okay with the same thing, {{userName}}-san?
Tsugumi: Okay, then just to confirm, you would like two of the C lunch sets. Is that correct?
Marina: Yep, that's correct!
Tsugumi: Understood! Please wait for a moment. I'll bring them out to you right away!
