1289_Tsugumi Hazawa_R3 Hectic Trip

Gacha phrase: Wh-what are we going to do?

<Ready for Anything>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Hmm~...
Tsukushi: Hello~...! Oh, what are you doing, Tsugumi-senpai?
Tsugumi: Ah, hi. I'm just thinking.
Tsukushi: Thinking...?
Tsugumi: ... You see, we were challenged to a concert by another band the other day, so we went on our first band trip ever.
Tsukushi: You got to go on a band trip?! W-wow...! What was it like?
Tsugumi: Well, it was our first time, so a lot went wrong even though we thought we were prepared.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan got carsick, and we even brought the wrong outfits...
Tsukushi: Really?! The wrong outfits?! I-I hope everything worked out...
Tsugumi: Thanks to Himari-chan and Tomoe-chan's suggestions, the concert was actually a huge success.
Tsukushi: What a relief! I'm so glad it went well...
Tsugumi: The thing is, we may have managed, but there's no guarantee that we will next time.
Tsugumi: That's why I don't want us to make the same mistakes again, so I'm going to work on a list of things to bring.
Tsukushi: I see... In that case, maybe I could help!
Tsugumi: Really? Are you sure?
Tsukushi: Yes, please leave it to me...!
Tsugumi: Since you're offering, I guess I'll accept. Thank you so much.
Tsukushi: Ehehe... Why don't we start by listing the things that you'll need for sure?
Tsugumi: Okay. Well, it doesn't get more necessary than our instruments. We won't even be able to perform without them.
Tsukushi: Yes! Oh, and you'll also need your concert outfits!
Tsugumi: Absolutely, we can't forget those. Let's see... Matching concert outfits...
Tsugumi: We'll also need to make sure we have CDs to sell, oh, and flyers and posters.
Tsukushi: Other than that... Ah! I know they don't have much to do with concerts, but you'll probably want your wallets and phones.
Tsugumi: That's true. Maybe even food and drinks... No, we can get those along the way.
Tsukushi: You're right, but I think it might be worth adding local cuisine to the list!
Tsugumi: We actually got to try out all kinds when we stopped by this rest area!
Tsukushi: Wow~, I'm so jealous~! Experiencing the food is such a big part of going on a trip!
Tsugumi: Fufu, they were really delicious too. But for now, I think we can leave anything we can purchase along the way off the list... I wonder what else still needs to be added...
Tsukushi: You're forgetting something very important, Tsugumi-senpai! I think you should bring your own pillows!
Tsugumi: Our pillows...?
Tsukushi: During a trip, you're already going to be tense and nervous as it is because you're in a new environment, right?
Tsukushi: But if you bring your own pillows, you'll be able to take a nap and relax~!
Tsugumi: That's a good point... I don't know if we'll take naps, but it might be good to bring things that will help us relax.
Tsukushi: Exactly! Let's try to figure out what else you'll need!
Tsugumi: Fufu, thank you. As for the other items, I'm thinking...
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: That probably just about covers it...!
Tsugumi: I know we listed absolute necessities, nice-to-haves, and might-needs, but...
Tsukushi: I-it's a pretty long list, isn't it...?
Tsugumi: Y-yes... I don't think we'll be able to take this much with us...
Tsukushi: I-I'm sorry! It's all because I suggested pillows...!
Tsugumi: Don't worry, you didn't do anything wrong! Figuring out everything that we might need is pretty useful anyway.
Tsugumi: Also... Fufu.
Tsukushi: ...? What is it?
Tsugumi: Thanks to thinking about what might happen during our next trip and what we might need, I'm starting to look forward to it.
Tsugumi: Even if things go wrong, it'd be nice if we could work together to overcome them.
Tsukushi: I'm sure you'll all be able to!
Tsugumi: Thank you for the vote of confidence!
Tsugumi: Alright, this time, let's try to narrow down this list to only the things that we're going to actually need!
Tsukushi: Okay! I'll gladly help!


<Journey's Lessons>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Tsugumi: Hello, {{userName}}-san!
Tsugumi: Are you shopping too? Fufu, so am I.
Tsugumi: You know about our band trip? I'm glad we managed in the end.
Tsugumi: It must've been very busy at CiRCLE without Marina-san. Were you okay?
Tsugumi: That's good...!
Tsugumi: Was Marina-san the one who told you about our first band trip?
Tsugumi: Fufu, you could say that. It was one problem after another, so we had a pretty... no, very difficult time.
Tsugumi: Right as we were about to arrive, I even found out that I'd forgotten my new bag at home together with the outfit inside it... I really panicked.
Tsugumi: And it was going to be our big concert, but we all ended up bringing different outfits too...
Tsugumi: That was a real shocker. Our plan to wear matching outfits was ruined, so we didn't know what to do.
Tsugumi: But we still managed thanks to Himari-chan!
Tsugumi: You should've seen her. She was so amazing.
Tsugumi: At the time, I was too disappointed with myself for having forgotten my outfit even after how much I had prepared.
Tsugumi: And all I could do was feel miserable... But then Himari-chan spoke up.
Tsugumi: She said we should just get on the stage and perform anyway... And then everyone started getting behind her.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I had my doubts for a while... so I'm glad we were able to make the concert work.
Tsugumi: ... I still think it's important to learn from our mistakes and be prepared, though. There's a lot to take in from both the successes and the failures of our recent challenge.
Tsugumi: Many things still need to be done, so I feel like I'm going to have to work even harder!
Tsugumi: Thank you very much! I'll try even more, so I hope you'll support me!
Tsugumi: ... Ah, I'm sorry for keeping you! You're in the middle of shopping, aren't you?
Tsugumi: Anyway, thank you for listening. Bye!
