1330_Tsugumi Hazawa_R5 Afternoon Coffee

<Afternoon Coffee>

Anime story


<A Day at Hazawa Coffee>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Welcome to Hazawa Coffee!
Sayo: Hello, Hazawa-san.
Tsugumi: Ah, Sayo-san! Hello!
Tsugumi: We don't have any other customers right now, so feel free to take a seat wherever you like.
Sayo: Thank you very much. In that case, I will take that table there.
Tsugumi: If I'm not mistaken... you have band practice today, don't you?
Sayo: Yes, we will be going to a studio in the late afternoon.
Sayo: I was not aware you were familiar with the schedules of other bands.
Tsugumi: A-ahaha... I just kind of picked it up because you talk about Roselia a lot.
Tsugumi: So, what would you like to order?
Sayo: Hmm, let me think... May I have the usual?
Tsugumi: Of course, the usual it is!
(Black cut)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Here you go.
Sayo: Thank you very much...
Tsugumi: Enjoy!
Sayo: By the way, about this book...
Tsugumi: ...? That book... It's not the one I recommended to you, but...
Sayo: Yes, I really enjoyed the one you lent me, so I decided to try another one of the author's works.
Tsugumi: Wow, I'm glad you liked it so much! The one you have there is also a favorite of mine!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: It is not a book I would normally have picked up, but it does a wonderful job of portraying the beauty of minor everyday events.
Sayo: I can see why you are fond of this author.
Tsugumi: Oh? You can...?
Sayo: You are the type of person who can spot the good qualities in others that often go unnoticed.
Sayo: And this author is able to find beauty in the smallest of things, so perhaps the two of you are similar.
Tsugumi: I don't know if it's right to compare me to an actual writer... Although, it would be nice if it were true.
Tsugumi: Oh, speaking of books... I'm also reading one written by the author of the one you recommended before.
Sayo: You are...?
Tsugumi: I really enjoyed the one you lent me, so I did the same thing as you and decided to check out another one by them.
Sayo: I see... You seem to have taken quite a liking to my recommendation. I am glad I made it.
Tsugumi: Their writing's very polished and easy to follow... You can tell they're quite a conscientious writer.
Tsugumi: I can kind of see why you like them.
Sayo: Yes, I am quite fond of how coherent their prose is...
Tsugumi: Fufu, it's so nice how we can share the books and music that we like with each other, isn't it?
Tsugumi: I feel like my horizons have broadened a bit, you know?
Sayo: There is that for certain... But I think doing so has also helped us learn more about one another.
Tsugumi: Yes! And I'm so happy about that!
Tsugumi: Ah, I just remembered there was another book I wanted to recommend you the next time I saw you.
Sayo: ...? You too?
Tsugumi: Wait, does that mean...?
Sayo: I also have a book that I wanted to recommend to you, so I brought it along with me.
Tsugumi: Fufu, we're thinking the same way.
Sayo: So it seems.
Tsugumi: Could you hold on a bit? I'll go get the book.
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: ... Sorry to keep you waiting!
Tsugumi: I think you'll enjoy this lovely story. You can tell it's written by someone sincere.
Sayo: I look forward to reading it then. And I believe mine will be enjoyable for you too.
Sayo: The book does an amazing job of depicting everyday life in such a way as to make it sparkle... It's this one here...
Tsugumi: Here's mine...
Sayo & Tsugumi: ...?
Tsugumi: These books... are the same, aren't they...?
Sayo: Y-yes, that appears to be the case...
Sayo: I did not expect us to recommend the same one...
Tsugumi: We really are thinking the same way then...
Sayo & Tsugumi: Fu-fufufu...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
