1357_Tsugumi Hazawa_R3 To Make It the Best!

Gacha phrase: Fufufu, that's proof of how fired up she is.

<Passionate Melody>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Lisa Imai)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Welcome~. Ah, Moca-chan and Lisa-senpai!
Moca: Hey there, Tsugu~.
Lisa: Hey~☆ We just had to stop by after our shift~!
Tsugumi: You had work today, huh? Thanks for coming.
Tsugumi: You can take those seats over by the window that are open.
Moca: Yay~. The window seats are nice and warm around this time of day so they feel really good~.
Lisa: Moca, you actually look like you're about to fall asleep. You were nodding off during break, too.
Moca: Aw~, it's just the staff room's so relaxing, y'know~. It's just the right size and temperature to send you to dreamland~.
Lisa: I think I sort of know what you mean. But if you're that tired, make sure to get a good night's sleep tonight, alright?
Moca: Okaaay~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, what will we have today?
Lisa: Mmm~, I'm in the mood for something sweet... but everything on the menu looks so good, it's hard to choose~.
Moca: Lisa-san, what about this sponge cake? It's so soft and smooth, you'll be hooked in one bite~.
Lisa: Oh, I haven't had that yet! Alright, I'll go with that and some black tea.
Moca: I'll have what she's having~.
Tsugumi: Got it! Just sit tight for a second.
Lisa: By the way, Moca. How's the new song going? You said you were all working on it the other day.
Moca: So the thing is, we actually came up with something pretty amazing~. We played it at a band battle the other day and the crowd loved it~.
Lisa: Whoa, now you've got me curious~. You've gotta let me hear it sometime!
Moca: No prob~. We tried changing things up a little bit this time, you know~. Right, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Yeah. We tried a different way of songwriting.
Tsugumi: Normally, Ran-chan brings us music and we do the arranging as a group, but this time it all started with everyone's music first.
Lisa: What do you mean?
Tsugumi: It all started with Moca-chan's handouts that she had doodled a bunch of musical phrases on.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan said that she felt like those scribbles were proof that Moca-chan had become more ambitious with her guitar skills.
Tsugumi: So she said that if we all came together with some phrases we currently like, we might be able to notice and realize things about each other's music.
Moca: So that's how we ended up listening to each other play and making the new song based off of that~.
Moca: They may have been the same sounds as always... but learning to notice the emotions packed into them made them a little different...
Moca: Our new song's packed full of that sorta stuff~.
Lisa: I see... Learning to notice how your bandmates feel, huh~?
Tsugumi: Yeah. Even now, Moca-chan's phrases still linger in my heart...
Tsugumi: I realized then just how many doors to different worlds Moca-chan opens through her guitar.
Tsugumi: It was really inspirational... and it made me start to think that there might be more worlds that I want to explore with my keyboard, too.
Lisa: Oooh~, Moca, you're awesome!
Moca: Awww~, so I'm rubbin' off on Tsugu, huh~. I knew I had it in me~.
Tsugumi: Yeah! It's all thanks to you!
Tsugumi: Lately, I've even been trying to think of good phrases of my own...
Moca: Oh~, so that's why you've been humming to yourself during breaks~.
Tsugumi: You noticed?! That's... sort of embarrassing...
Lisa: Fufu, Tsugumi, you're really a hard worker, aren't you? You always jump on any chance to try something you think might be worthwhile.
Moca: Yeah~. That's some initiative~.
Tsugumi: Oh, no... I just want to try and be helpful to the band, that's all...
Tsugumi: And because my growth contributes to the band's success... I'm willing to do whatever it takes!
Moca: Oooh~. That's pretty Tsugurific, Tsugu~.
Lisa: Yeah, I can see the sparkle in your eyes!
Tsugumi's Mother: Tsugumi! The sponge cake is ready~!
Tsugumi: Oh, okaaay! Okay, please wait a second. I'll get you two served right away!
Moca: Thanks~.
Moca: Gosh~, now I'm even feelin' a bit motivated~.
Lisa: Fufu, Afterglow's a great band.
Tsugumi: Sorry for the wait! Here's your cake and tea, you two.
Tsugumi: Enjoy!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Feelings Exchanged Through Music>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Welcome. Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Hi, Tsugumi-chan.
Tsugumi: Hi! I'll show you to your seats! Right this way.
Tsugumi: Hmhmhm~, hmm~♪
Marina: Fufu, you're in a good mood. What song is that?
Tsugumi: Ah, sorry... It's something I came up with myself.
Tsugumi: I thought of it the other day when we were all making a song together.
Marina: Oh, are you talking about that new song Moca-chan mentioned?
Tsugumi: I think so! We all played our favorite phrases for each other and started from there.
Marina: Right, that's what I heard. Is that phrase you were humming in the new song?
Tsugumi: No, it isn't. Everyone liked it, but we decided it wouldn't fit the new song that well.
Marina: I see. That's a shame.
Marina: Do you think you'll ever end up using it in another song? I really liked what I heard.
Tsugumi: Oh, thank you! I'd like it if we could use it someday, too.
Tsugumi: There's something I realized from hearing everyone else play... The fact that you can tell how someone feels from just their music.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan's music told me she was having more fun playing guitar now than ever before.
Tsugumi: So I think everyone else probably felt something from what I played, too.
Marina: Right. I'm sure you all got something out of each other's music.
Tsugumi: Yeah! And I feel like it'd be such a waste to not use the ideas I have that everyone seemed to like.
Tsugumi: So I'm hoping that, someday, we can put them to use.
Marina: Good. I'm looking forward to it.
Tsugumi: Oh, that's right. Maybe I should be like Moca-chan and write this stuff down.
Marina: Moca-chan does that?
Tsugumi: Fufu, she does. So you see, Moca-chan uses her homework to-
Tsugumi: Ah! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to talk your ear off! Uhhh, your orders! That's right, I'll take your orders!
Tsugumi: What will you be having today?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
