1468_Tsugumi Hazawa_R3 Service with a Smile

Gacha phrase: Ah, then how about... pancakes?

<Sunset Café Prep>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Ran-chan! How's your pancake-making practice coming along?
Ran: I think this next one's gonna be good.
Ran: I'm cooking it nice and slow over a low heat... And when bubbles appear on the surface, I'll give it a flip... There.
Moca: Whoa~, that looks pretty good~.
Tomoe: See?! I told ya it was just like okonomiyaki!
Ran: Nah, pancakes are pancakes.
Moca: What about you, Hii-chan~? How's the latte art going?
Himari: Amazing, if I do say so myself! What do you think? This one turned out great, right?
Tsugumi: Yeah, it's a very cute leaf!
Himari: I-it was supposed to be a heart...
Tsugumi: Ah... N-now that you mention it, this part around here does kind of look like a heart...!
Moca: Don't baby her, Tsugu~. That looks nothing like a heart~.
Himari: I'm still practicing, okay?! Anyway, why is Tsugu's latte art so perfect?!
Moca: Let me see~. Whoa, nice work, Tsugu~.
Tomoe: It's... a dolphin! You've really got a knack for this kinda thing, Tsugu~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, thank you. The pancakes you guys made look very yummy too.
Ran: Thanks... Although, it's only because you taught me what to do, Tsugumi.
Tomoe: Yeah, I've also leveled up my spatula-handling skills thanks to you, Tsugu!
Moca: Boy, our stall sure is in good hands thanks to our divine Tsugu-sama~.
Tsugumi: I really don't deserve all this praise~. Anyway, would you like to take a short break?
Moca: Ohh~, good idea, oh great Tsugu-sama. I can no longer resist this pile of pancakes in front of me anymore~.
Tomoe: Moca, you've been snacking on them this entire time.
Himari: What?! No fair~! I want a bite!
Tsugumi: By the way, I'm glad your T-shirt design was a big hit, Moca-chan.
Moca: Fufufu, well, it did have Ran's seal of approval~.
Ran: I didn't really do anything...
Himari: Wearing matching T-shirts creates a sense of togetherness, doesn't it~?
Moca: On that subject, Ran~, how did the lyrics turn out in the end? You and Tomo-chin went to check 'em out, right~?
Ran: Yeah... They weren't bad. I'm surprised she got it done on such a tight schedule...
Tomoe: It's thirty-five people's worth of ideas, after all. Only a genius like CHU² could put it all together in such a cool way.
Tsugumi: A thirty-five-person concert... It really is amazing, isn't it?
Tomoe: Yeah, the stage was massive too!
Himari: Knowing we're all gonna perform together on that huge stage is getting me hyped up already~!
Ran: ... You know, Marina-san is a pretty incredible person. This upcoming event is one thing but...
Moca: Even for the Girls Band Challenge, it was Marina-san who suggested it be held at the Budokan~.
Tsugumi: Good point. Come to think of it, when we went on that trip for the band battle, remember how friendly she was with the owner?
Tsugumi: I heard that person's a former member of a pretty famous band.
Tomoe: If Marina-san is friends with someone like that, she's no ordinary person...
Ran & Moca: Whoa~...
Himari: ... Ah, I just remembered something! The people who took part in the band battle said they'd come to the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY!
Ran: Huh? They're coming all the way here?
Himari: That's what they said! I contacted them about the event, and they got back to me right away.
Moca: Hoho~, then we better show them our good side~.
Tsugumi: Yeah! Although I'm looking forward to performing with everyone, we can't let the people who come to see us be more impressed by the other bands!
Ran: Not to mention, we'll be standing on the same stage as Roselia.
Tomoe: Yeah! I don't wanna lose to RAS either!
Tsugumi: Let's make sure they think Afterglow is the best!
Ran & Tomoe: Yeah. Yep!
Moca: Ohh~, you're all fired up~.
Himari: Speak for yourself, Moca. You're raring to go.
Moca: You know it~. My spirit is burning red hot~.
Tsugumi: Let's give it our all so that everyone will rave about how Afterglow's stall and show were number one!


<Itching to Start!>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: It's nice to see all these shops displaying the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! poster. Anyway, I suppose it's about time we head back.
Tsugumi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello!
Marina: Hello, Tsugumi-chan. Are you in the middle of shopping?
Tsugumi: Yes. I'm here to buy ingredients for the pancakes we're serving at the event.
Tsugumi: We're all getting together today to practice making them!
Marina: Fufu, you sure are enthusiastic.
Tsugumi: Yes, I'm really looking forward to standing up on stage with the other bands, but...
Tsugumi: Our goal is to try our best so that guests think Afterglow's performance and stall are number one!
Marina: So what you're saying is, the other bands on stage are your friends, but also your rivals?
Tsugumi: Yes, exactly. So I'm itching to get to work!
Tsugumi: Though with all this practice making pancakes and latte art, I've been eating nothing but sweet things. It can't be very good for me...
Marina: Ahaha, you can just work it off by moving your body around during the show and at band practice~.
Tsugumi: You're right. I'll be sure to move around as much as possible...!
Tsugumi: By the way, when did you start planning this event?
Marina: Oh? I'm not sure. You've given me so much support over the years that I've been thinking of some way to repay you for a while now... Why do you ask?
Tsugumi: Well, when we met up the other day, we were talking about what an incredible person you are...
Marina: What?! That's an overstatement!
Tsugumi: Not at all. You've organized so many things, like the Girls Band Challenge and the upcoming CiRCLE THANKS PARTY!...
Tsugumi: You agree with me, right, {{userName}}?
Marina: Hmm... I think the reason I'm able to pull all these events off is because there are so many people helping me...
Tsugumi: But those people are happy to go along with your ideas. That must mean you're an extraordinary person...!
Marina: Fufu, well if you insist, I'll take the compliment.
Marina: I'm sure in the future there'll be more times where I'll need to rely on everyone, so I'd appreciate your assistance then too.
Tsugumi: Of course! Afterglow is always here to lend a hand!
Tsugumi: Well then, it's almost time for my appointment. I'd better get going.
Marina: Sure, see you later!
