1481_Tsugumi Hazawa_R4 Sakura Glowing in Me

Gacha phrase: It's fine. I'm not crying because I'm sad...

<Doing Things My Way>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Day of the Photo Contest]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Tsugumi: Thanks for waiting, everyone!
Himari: Tsugu! Thanks for all your hard work~!
Tomoe: Are you done with student council already?
Tsugumi: Yeah! My duties are pretty much over, so it's okay now. Sorry it all took so long...
Moca: Don't worry about it~. We already started taking photos, so it's okay~.
Ran: I have to say though, this event has a huge scope. Makes me wonder if the whole school's participating.
Himari: Yeah, you said it! The photos are reaching all the way down to that hallway over there.
Moca: Mhm. It's quite a grand view seeing it like this~.
Tsugumi: It's amazing considering the event's optional. Everyone's actively participating, so that makes all of us on the student council really happy.
Himari: I looked around at a bunch of different photos, but they were all so amazing that I can't decide which to vote for~!
Tomoe: My top pick is the one of that group of five girls laughing together!
Himari: That photo was great, wasn't it?! I could really tell how close they all are~!
Tsugumi: We also took a photo here before, didn't we? Fufu, this is making me think back to that time.
Ran: When we were middle school students, right? I'm also feeling a bit nostalgic.
Moca: Oh man~, seeing all these great photos makes me wanna make my photographer debut~.
Himari: I really wanted to submit the flower raft photo from the other day~. I just know it would've done well~!
Tomoe: Now, now, you can always submit it at the next photo contest, right? Tsugu's working her butt off to make it happen!
Ran: How's that going? Think the discussions will go well?
Tsugumi: Right now I'm redoing the documents so I can convince the teachers!
Moca: Ohh~, how Tsugurific of you~.
Tomoe: When I heard that you wanted to keep the photo contest going next year, it really made me think, "That's our Tsugu!"
Himari: You brought up the proposal in the student council meeting too, right?
Tsugumi: Yeah! Seeing everyone's reactions to the photos makes me really glad that I did.
Tsugumi: Being able to see a variety of photos in the contest is wonderful, but I like looking at everyone's smiles as they look at them.
Tsugumi: To see everyone share their fun memories with others,  and look back on their own memories like we just did...
Tsugumi: That's why I want to protect this event. To see everyone smile like this.
Himari: Tsugu~! You've gotten so admirable~!
Tomoe: I bet those alumnae would also be really happy if the photo contest keeps going.
Tsugumi: Right! And to make that happen, I have to work even harder!
Moca: If you go all out, convincing the teachers will be no problem at all~.
Ran: Moca, don't you think it's kinda irresponsible to say that?
Moca: Not at all~. What an upsetting thing to say~.
Moca: I mean, Tsugu's always explaining Hina-senpai's ideas to the teachers, right~?
Moca: She's good enough to bring those ideas to life, so making sure the photo contest goes on will be a piece of cake for her~.
Himari: G-good point... When you put it that way, that's really convincing...
Tomoe: And if she has any trouble, she's got us!
Ran: Right. Tsugumi, if there's anything you want us to help with, let us know right away.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Thanks, you guys!
Tsugumi: In that case, sorry to ask so quickly, but could you help me pass out a survey?
Himari: You made a survey?
Tsugumi: Yeah! I think student feedback will play a big part in making it so that the photo contest continues as usual next year.
Tsugumi: But collecting surveys is hard... So it would be a big help if I could get all of you to lend a hand.
Moca: That does sound pretty tough~. Leave it to us~.
Tomoe: We should probably help with collecting and tallying them up instead of just passing them out.
Himari: Yeah! Seems like we'll be pretty busy~.
Ran: Tsugumi, if there's anything else you need help with, feel free to ask.
Tsugumi: You guys... Okay, I'll be counting on you when that time comes!
Tsugumi: I get the feeling Hina-senpai might be able to do this more efficiently, but this is the only way that I can think of.
Tsugumi: That's why I'll do my best each step of the way so that the photo contest can continue!
Moca: Mhm. I agree that that's the way to do it~.
Moca: After all, Hina-senpai has her way of doing things, and you have yours~.
Himari: Okay! For the photo contest to keep going, all of us in Afterglow have to do our bes-
Tsugumi: Hey, hey, hoh! ... Huh?
Himari: Hey, Tsugu~! You came in too early~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<For Future Haneoka Students>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Tsugumi: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hello!
Marina: Tsugumi-chan, hello! Huh? Is everyone from Afterglow not with you today?
Tsugumi: I had student council duties today, so I had everyone head home without me.
Marina: I see, you've been hard at work! I guess the student council really keeps you busy.
Tsugumi: It does. Right now I'm really busy trying to save an annual school event that's scheduled to be canceled next year.
Marina: Wow, just hearing about that makes it seem really hard.
Tsugumi: Yes. Everything has been a first for me this time around... but I'm doing it because I want to!
Tsugumi: I want to do everything that I can so that we can keep it going again next year!
Marina: It kinda feels like you're more fired up than usual. You must be really attached to that event.
Tsugumi: I am. It's always been one of my favorite events, and this time I have a reason for wanting to do my best...
Tsugumi: When we went to see the sakura the other day, we met one of the alumnae who started that event.
Tsugumi: As I listened to how that alumna felt when they made the event, I decided I wanted to save it. Not just for us, but for future Haneoka students as well.
Marina: So you're doing it for future students too, huh? It's commendable how hard you're working for not only the current students, but also for those you have yet to meet.
Tsugumi: It's kind of embarrassing to be told that, but I'm not doing anything that impressive.
Tsugumi: I'm doing it because of my own selfish wish of wanting to share my beloved Haneoka with all the students that enroll in the future!
Marina: Fufu. I think I know how you feel though. Working as a staff member at a live house might be kind of similar.
Tsugumi: What do you mean?
Marina: We also want different people to know about the bands we like, and we feel like we want to help with that.
Tsugumi: Fufu. When you put it that way, it certainly does sound similar!
Tsugumi: I also hope that future Haneoka students will come to love the school that we'll pass down to them.
Marina: Mhm, we'll be rooting for you! ... Ah, I'm sorry. I guess we held you up even though you were on your way home, huh?
Tsugumi: Not at all! Ah, by the way, have the two of you been to the forest park?
Marina: No. Why do you ask?
Tsugumi: The sakura there are really pretty right now! If you can, please go take a look during your break or on your day off.
Marina: I see. Fufu, in that case, maybe I'll try going on my next day off.
Tsugumi: Please do! Well, I should be going now. Thank you for listening to my story today!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
