1527_Tsugumi Hazawa_R4 Even When It's Raining

Gacha phrase: ... Himari-chan, I found you.

<Separate Voices and Resolve>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Sayo: ...
Tsugumi: ... Thank you for waiting. Here is your coffee.
Sayo: Ahh, thank you very much. Rainy days like this allow for good progress when reading.
Tsugumi: Fufu, that's true. It's strange how you can get more lost in a story compared to when there's silence.
Sayo: And if I also have a cup of your coffee with it, it enhances it even further. It feels as though I am enjoying a very luxurious time.
Tsugumi: It's embarrassing to hear you praise us that much. Please have your coffee while it's hot.
Sayo: Yes, I shall.
Sayo: ... Ahh, delicious...
Sayo: While it has a firm bitterness, there is a gentle flavor to it... one that relaxes the mind.
Sayo: ... It makes me truly glad that I came here today.
Tsugumi: Sayo-san...
Tsugumi: ... Thank you as always for your hard work.
Sayo: What...?
Tsugumi: I'm sure that since Roselia went pro, you've had lots of hardships that I can't even imagine.
Tsugumi: But please take care of your health, and don't overwork yourselves.
Sayo: Hazawa-san... We will. Thank you.
Sayo: It has not been long since we officially went pro, but there are times when I feel that we have set foot on a difficult path.
Sayo: However, we were prepared for that from the beginning. It is the path that we chose after all.
Tsugumi: ... In that case, I'm sure you'll be fine. Sorry for saying something uncalled for.
Tsugumi: I think you're really energetic right now. You also seem like you're confronting your challenges head-on.
Sayo: Fufu. That may be the case.
Sayo: The coffee tastes even more delicious today. Did you perhaps change how you grind the coffee beans?
Tsugumi: No, we did it the same as we always do.
Sayo: Is that so...? But something seems...
Tsugumi: ... If you felt that it was different than usual, I think the reason for that difference is sentiment.
Sayo: Sentiment?
Tsugumi: Yes. It might be yours as the coffee drinker... or it could be mine as the person who brewed it.
Sayo: That is...
Sayo: ... I see. So you also had something to make you steel your resolve.
Tsugumi: Yes. Mine... and the others' as well.
Tsugumi: I think it's amazing how Roselia keeps proceeding to the world ahead.
Tsugumi: You're active as a pro band and put on incredible performances on large stages...
Tsugumi: But we will- Afterglow will move forward too.
Tsugumi: We might get lost and worry a lot, but we'll still move forward.
Tsugumi: On our own path that we will find for ourselves.
Sayo: ...
Sayo: I see. I cannot afford to be outdone then. As a member of Roselia, I have my eyes on even greater heights after all.
Tsugumi: Fufu. I won't lose either.
Sayo: Well then, I hope that we can continue to be rivals that drive each other to new heights.
Sayo: ... By the way, may I have a refill of my coffee?
Tsugumi: Of course. I'll bring it out to you right away.
(White cut)


<Like Offering an Umbrella>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tsugumi: Hello! Are the others... I guess they're not here yet.
Marina: Tsugumi-chan, hello. Afterglow made a reservation for today, right? If I remember correctly, your time slot is...
Tsugumi: It's in an hour... It looks like I was eager and got here too early.
Marina: Fufu. It seems like it... You're more energetic than usual today.
Tsugumi: D-do you think so...? No, you may be right.
Tsugumi: After seeing Himari-chan trying so hard the other day, it kind of filled me with even more motivation than usual.
Marina: Wow. Was there some reason for that?
Tsugumi: There was. She gave a lot of thought to Afterglow's future and even went to ask CHU²-chan for her opinion.
Tsugumi: Seeing Himari-chan like that made me want to do even more...
Tsugumi: I figured there should be a lot more that I can do for Afterglow.
Marina: I see. So that's why you decided you'd do something too.
Tsugumi: Yes, that's right... I knew that she was worried about something, but all I could do was listen to what she had to say.
Tsugumi: But she made a lot of decisions on her own and then took action.
Tsugumi: In order to make a choice that suits us the most, she considered a lot and faced her decision...
Tsugumi: It made me think that I have to do what I can too.
Marina: I see. Leave it to the leader to get the other members this fired up.
Marina: But I think that having someone lend you an ear is really gratifying. It's also awfully important for being honest with your band, don't you think?
Tsugumi: ... Fufu. Thank you very much. That might also be something I can do.
Tsugumi: We might face a lot more difficulties in the future...
Tsugumi: But I want to make sure I'm able to be there for the others in my own way.
Marina: Sure! I'm certain that no matter what happens from now on, you girls will be able to overcome it.
Marina: ... Plus, it looks like you're not the only one who's motivated.
Tsugumi: Huh?
Marina: Look over there. Isn't that the rest of Afterglow walking this way?
Tsugumi: You're right! They're so early... They must be just as fired up as I am.
Marina: Fufu. I'm sure they are. You all share the same feelings, after all.
Tsugumi: Right! Okay~... I'll give practice everything I've got!
