1618_Tsugumi Hazawa_R3 Spinning Coffee Time

Gacha phrase: But everyone here is dressed up too. I think I'm starting to like it.

<The Kiddy Candy Gang>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Amusement Park]

Himari: Sigh~, that was fun~! I think the changing rooms will get crowded if we wait any later, so why don't we go now?
Tomoe: Gosh, it's time to change already, huh?
Tsugumi: It kind of feels like a shame to change. We don't usually dress like this.
Himari: I know, right~?! The park cast and the other visitors all had such great costumes~. I felt like we were in a movie~.
Moca: The haunted mansion's cast was so real-looking~.
Ran: ... I never want to go in there again.
Tomoe: Yeah~, that place was insanely scary.
Tsugumi: But, Tomoe-chan, you didn't look scared at all. Maybe it was because you had switched bodies with Moca-chan.
Ran: You mean "pretended" to switch bodies.
Himari: But why were you okay, Tomoe? You acted like Moca on the outside, but you were still Tomoe on the inside, right?
Tomoe: Well, I, um... I was supposed to be Moca then. So I told myself I couldn't be scared.
Moca: You were such a good Moca-chan that you even went to get the scaredy cat Ran-chan like the real Moca-chan would've~.
Ran: ... Like I said, I never want to go back there again...!
Tsugumi: You really helped out then, Tomoe-chan.
Tsugumi: When you were little, you were even afraid of jack-o'-lanterns. You've really come a long way.
Tomoe: Wh-what are you talking about, Tsugu~?
Himari: Ah, do you mean that one time? When we were little and walked around downtown in Halloween costumes...
Ran: Oh yeah, that was when we got so much candy we couldn't even eat it all.
Moca: Oh~, that was when we formed the "Candy Gang" and stormed through downtown yelling, "trick-or-treat!"
Tomoe: The Candy Gang...? But you couldn't even say trick-or-treat all that well.
Moca: What~? Really~?
Himari: None of us could say it. We tried in the beginning, but in the end, we all settled on just asking people to give us candy.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Now when I think about it, that was kind of cute.
Ran: Who told us about trick-or-treat anyway? Isn't that a little hard for kids to say?
Tomoe: It was probably someone's parents, right? Every time we went trick-or-treating, someone's mom or dad took us, remember?
Tsugumi: That's right! When we went with my mom, she said we got so many things it was hard to carry it all.
Tsugumi: We had our candy in our baskets, but we were given a lot of little cooked foods too.
Moca: We ate those for dinner that night~. The croquette and the buns were exquisite~.
Himari: I ate too much candy and didn't have room for dinner~.
Tsugumi: ... I got a lot of candy, but I couldn't bring myself to eat any of it.
Ran: What? Really?
Tomoe: It was one of the few times my parents wouldn't get mad at me for eating candy, so I think I was happy I could have so much.
Himari: Me too! Halloween was always sort of special.
Moca: I remember being super happy because I thought I had so much candy I'd never run out~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, you couldn't eat it all, though.
Tsugumi: I think maybe what held me back from eating my candy was because it was our candy.
Tsugumi: We went around asking for that candy together, so it felt more special to me than the usual candy.
Moca: Oh~. It was the candy our little legs earned us.
Ran: Earned? We were just kids. You make it sound like we worked for it...
Tsugumi: But maybe we kind of did!
Tsugumi: We all had the same goal. It was like our reward for walking so much...
Tsugumi: It was as if we were given precious memories along with the candy. That's how it felt to me.
Himari: Tsugu... You're just adorable~!
Tsugumi: H-huh? Himari-chan, that hurts...
Tomoe: Ahaha, I know how you feel, though. Ever since you were little, you've always been such a good kid, Tsugu~.
Ran: Yeah. That part of you hasn't changed.
Moca: Even when we were just tykes, you've always had that sparkle in your eyes~. You sure are cute, Tsugu~.
Tsugumi: Argh~, everyone's teasing me.
Himari: Not at all! Both little Tsugu and big Tsugu are just as cute as buttons!
Tomoe: Ah, there's a bit of a line forming for the changing rooms~.
Ran: First, let's get our clothes from the lockers and then get in line.
Moca: Okey-dokey~.
Tsugumi: ...
Himari: ...? What's wrong, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Ah, oh, nothing. I was just thinking to myself.
Tsugumi: I was wondering if today would be another day we'd remember and talk about years from now.
Ran: ... Fufu, of course it will.
Himari: That's right. Two of us decided to pretend to have switched bodies and then tricked the rest of us~!
Tomoe: Ahaha, we did plenty of other things today that we can talk about too.
Tsugumi: Fufu, we sure did! I'm sorry for keeping us. Let's go to the lockers!
(Black cut)


<No Matter How Much Time Passes>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, thank you for waiting. Here are your Halloween cake sets.
Marina: Thank you, Tsugumi-chan. Oh wow, there's a jack-o-lantern decoration on top! It's so cute!
Tsugumi: My parents said this year's Halloween dishes were made to look just as fun as they are to eat.
Marina: This is definitely something I have to take a picture of.
Marina: The café's Halloween decorations are wonderful. This is so exciting. I feel kind of like I'm in another world.
Tsugumi: Oh gee, thank you!
Tsugumi: I tried to make them look extra nice. Seeing the Halloween event at the amusement park made me want to work a little harder on them.
Marina: Oh, that's right. You went to the amusement park. Tomoe-chan and the others told me about it.
Marina: You all had a really good time at the park's Halloween event, didn't you?
Tsugumi: Yes! It was a little strange, I guess... It felt like we had stepped into a fairy tale.
Tsugumi: We wore costumes. So did the park cast, but they looked less like they were dressed up and more like they really were from a fairy tale. It was amazing.
Marina: Wow, it sounds like you all had a wonderful time.
Tsugumi: We did! Ah, by the way, did Tomoe-chan and the others tell you?
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan and Moca-chan switched bodies.
Marina: Fufu, I heard a little bit about it. They were pretending, right?
Tsugumi: Yes! I thought they might be up to something, but then I thought, "What if it were true?"
Tsugumi: Something like that shouldn't be able to happen, but being at the park was magical. So I thought maybe, just maybe, it was possible...
Marina: You're right. If I were you, I bet I might have thought the same thing.
Tsugumi: We finally found out they were playing a prank on us, but they seemed to be having so much fun even after we knew... Fufu.
Marina: Fufu, I can imagine.
Tsugumi: I think years from now, we still might be like this.
Tsugumi: That's what I thought as I watched Moca-chan and Tomoe-chan run away screaming when we saw through their prank.
Tsugumi: No matter how much time goes by, I think the five of us will still probably be laughing at the way we tease and play tricks on each other.
Marina: That's wonderful. I don't think there are many friends like that.
Tsugumi: You might be right. And that's why we have to cherish- Oh, I'm sorry! Your coffee is getting cold, isn't it?
Marina: It's fine. No worries. Thanks for the fun story.
Tsugumi: No, thank you for listening.
Tsugumi: I hope you like the Halloween cake set! Enjoy!
