1653_Tsugumi Hazawa_R4 As the Sunset Fades

Gacha phrase: ... It's a little thing, but it still brings me so much joy.

<Days That Become Song Pt. 1>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Tomoe: ... Alright, guess that wraps up today's practice.
Himari: Yeah! Everyone did fantastic!
Moca: We still have a little more studio time, but how about we stop here and finish up early today~?
Ran: Um... Well, I'd like some help with a new song if there's time.
Tsugumi: Really...? Is something bothering you?
Ran: No, it's nothing that serious. I just can't seem to pin down what kind of song to make.
Ran: So I was thinking it would be nice to hear some of your ideas.
Moca: If that's what you need, then we'd be more than happy to help out~.
Tomoe: Coming up with ideas for a song, though...
Tomoe: We make songs about our "same as always," so something along those lines could be-
Himari: Ah, how about this? On the way home from practicing the other day, we saw a really beautiful sunset!
Himari: We talked about how big and bright it was. I think there was something really nice about that time together.
Tomoe: Oh yeah~, that was pretty chill. We all stood there looking at that big ol' sun slowly going down...
Moca: And wasn't one person trying so hard to look up at the sunset that they fell over on their bottom~?
Himari: You don't need to remind us of when that happened!
Tsugumi: Fufu. If that were a song, then maybe it would have a slow tempo.
Moca: Ohh~, sounds like that song would be kinda emotional~.
Himari: Right~? Let's see~, what else...
Tsugumi: Ah! How about this, then?
Tsugumi: Remember what we did recently on our day off? We fell asleep on the train and missed our station, so we panicked and got off someplace none of us knew well.
Tomoe: Haha! Yeah, that happened, alright!
Himari: In the end, we found some courage and looked for a nice restaurant near the station.
Tsugumi: Yep! We ran into a lot of trouble, but because of it, it turned out to be a pretty memorable day!
Moca: Then that means the song's melody might have an upbeat slapstick comedic vibe to it~.
Ran: That's not bad... but that would be way too light-hearted. Well, I think the song is going to be a fast one, though.
Moca: I think a quiet song could be good too~. Like, on rainy days when we're together, sometimes we get those moments when no one's talking, right?
Moca: Things are quiet but don't feel sad. I really like that kind of mood~.
Himari: I know, right~?! I love that too! Maybe that would be a song with a less busy composition that sounds like rain.
Tomoe: I wanna make a song that's packed with more raw emotions! Guys, remember being surprised the other day when Himari and Ran got into it?
Tomoe: Let's make a song that's like that time, where different wills are banging against each other~!
Tsugumi: Emotional, comical, and then quiet and intense. We all came up with some very different themes.
Ran: I totally get where everyone's coming from, and I'd like to use all your ideas... But I think it might be a bit hard to make everything work in one song.
Himari: True~... Okay then, how about we put this to a vote?
Tsugumi: A vote...
Moca: Great idea~.
Tomoe: Well, I do think we'd get a pretty wonky song if we tried to force every one of our ideas into it.
Ran: Good point. Okay then, how about we write down all of our song ideas and then take a vote?
Ran: If any song ideas tie, then we can have another vote on those songs, which should let us narrow our choices down nicely...
Tsugumi: Wait a minute!
Himari: Huh?
Moca: What's wrong~, Tsugu~?
Tsugumi: Sorry to butt in like that. Um... Could we give this a little more time?
Tsugumi: I'd like to think of a good way to organize everyone's ideas...
Moca: Oh boy~, has your Tsugurific mode just been switched on~?
Ran: That's fine by me.
Tomoe: I don't think you need to put too much work into this. Whatever song we decide on, I'm sure we'll all be cool with it.
Tsugumi: I think so too. Still, I'd like to...
Himari: Crud! Guys, we only have five minutes of studio time left!
Himari: Let's talk later! We need to pack up and leave, pronto!
Tsugumi: O-okay...!
(Black cut)


<Days That Become Song Pt. 2>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Walking Home]

Himari: Phew~. Somehow, we made it out of there on time.
Tomoe: Moca, the way you wrapped up your guitar cables was insane. You were definitely moving twice as fast as usual.
Moca: Fu fu fu~. That's easy when I apply a little Moca effort~.
Ran: I think should you always move that quickly.
Moca: But if I were to do that, I couldn't look cool in a pinch~.
Ran: That's your reason?
Moca: That's my reason~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. You know, Lisa-senpai said something about that too.
Tsugumi: She was saying how Moca can do anything really fast but won't even try to. That even when working, Moca likes to hide her talents.
Ran: I bet Moca doesn't make things easy for Lisa-san.
Himari: Hey~, what's wrong with not using all your skills if you don't have to? I always feel like I have to do everything I can~.
Moca: Guys, guys, we all have our way of doing things.
Moca: Hii-chan, you're always giving your all, so here, I'll give you these~.
Himari: Yay~! ... Wait, these are the sweets you just bought at the convenience store! And you've even eaten some of them too!
Himari: Well, I'll still have some, though~.
Tomoe: Those are the new chocolate-covered orange peels, right? That stuff seems kinda fancy. They any good?
Moca: Well~... I guess they taste how I thought they would~.
Ran: Wow, it's rare for you to give such a lackluster review.
Moca: There are a bunch of orange peel sweets coming out these days~. In my opinion, you should try the ones that came out last week~.
Tsugumi: I see. So other companies are making them too.
Ran: If you're making it a point to try everything... then wouldn't it be helpful to share that kind of feedback at work... when you have to place orders or something?
Moca: What I'm doing has nothing to do with that~.
Tomoe: I've got a feeling Lisa-san's troubles won't be changing any time soon.
Tsugumi: Fufu, this "same as always" is kind of fun.
Himari: Hrm? What makes you say that all of a sudden, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: No reason. I was just thinking about how nice this is~.
Tsugumi: Laughing and talking about nothing in particular after practicing... It's a small thing, but it makes me really happy.
Tsugumi: It's like a feeling that slowly warms my heart... There are moments when I suddenly want to let out a cheerful sigh~.
Ran: I think I kind of get what you're saying.
Tomoe: Me too, but it's a little embarrassing to put into words.
Moca: I always feel touched and grateful when I'm around you guys, no matter what we're doing~.
Himari: Oh jeez, Moca. There you go teasing again~.
Moca: Whaaat~? How could you say such a thing~? I'm honest and sincere at all times~.
Ran: Yeah, yeah.
Ran: But I really do think I understand. I think we all do.
Ran: Nothing special is happening, but the time together definitely feels important... It's like that, right?
Tsugumi: Yes!
Tsugumi: This "same as always" time together holds a really special place in our hearts.
Tsugumi: When I was listening to our song ideas, I remembered those times... and thought about how nice it would be if we could turn all those memories into songs.
Tsugumi: That's why I thought it would be a shame to have to leave out any of the themes we came up with...
Tomoe: Tsugu...
Tsugumi: Of course, I know that I'm only being selfish, though. I'm sorry for postponing things.
Tsugumi: But please wait just a little longer.
Moca: Gotcha gotcha. Yep, you certainly make a good point.
Moca: Honestly, I think no matter which idea we pick, we'll make a killer song~. But after what you said, now I feel like this might be a missed opportunity~.
Himari: Me too! I totally agree with Moca!
Ran: I had also hoped it'd be possible to bring everyone's ideas together nicely... Maybe I was too quick to give up on trying.
Tomoe: I know I said not to spend too much time on this, but now I take that back.
Tomoe: Hey, Tsugu, mind if we all think about it together? We might find a great way to mix in everybody's ideas!
Tsugumi: Guys...! Okay then, thank you...!
Himari: ... So what should we do? I don't have the slightest clue how we can make this work.
Moca: True~. We are motivated to try, though~...
Ran: ... We could make more than one song, right?
Tsugumi: Huh?
Ran: Instead of trying to force all our ideas into a single song, maybe we should make each idea into a song. It's not like we're limited to making only one new song.
Ran: Doing that would be a lot of work, but we have time. So maybe this time, we shouldn't hold back.
Tsugumi: Right! That's a wonderful idea!
Tsugumi: Ah, but... if we do that, you'll have even more work to do making songs, won't you...?
Ran: You don't need to worry about that.
Ran: You heard everyone. After what you said, it feels like a waste to have to choose only one of our ideas.
Ran: So I'll be fine. I'll work hard... Or rather, I want to work hard at this.
Tsugumi: ...! Okay! Thanks, Ran-chan!
Tsugumi: Well, let's talk more about this tomorrow. Until then, we can each keep exploring different ideas!
Himari, Tomoe & Ran: Right on~! Okay.
Moca: Okey-dokey~. See you guys tomorrow~.
Tsugumi: (Thanks to everyone, tomorrow's going to be another fun day.)
Tsugumi: Okay! Bye! See you tomorrow~!
(Black cut)
