1672_Tsugumi Hazawa_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Wow~! Thanks, everyone!

<Heartwarming Kindness>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: Sorry to keep you waiting, Tsugu~! We bought the cakes~!
Tomoe: There's strawberry shortcake, chocolate cake, Mont Blanc... We bought different kinds, so choose whichever one you want!
Moca: In that case, Moca-chan will have the chocolate cake~.
Ran: C'mon, Moca. Tsugumi should be the first one to choose.
Tsugumi: Thanks, you guys! I brewed some coffee, so you can have some if you want.
Moca: You're the star today, so you should just take it easy~.
Tsugumi: That's okay! I'm doing it because I want to.
Himari: Then I'll take you up on your offer~. Thanks for the drink♪ Mmm~. Smell that refined fragrance of blended coffee~!
Himari: Hm? Hey, Tsugu. This coaster is really cute!
Tsugumi: It's handmade. I pasted the tile onto the cork material and modeled it after a flower.
Ran: Did you make this cat-shaped coaster too? It's cute.
Moca: Mine's a bunny~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, thanks! I thought if people noticed things like that, it would make them a little happy.
Tomoe: Playfulness like that is kinda nice! Hey! Why don't we make Tsugu her very own coaster?
Himari: That might be a good idea!
Moca: But first, aren't we forgetting the most important thing~?
Himari: Ah! You're right! ... Well then. Everyone, here we go.
Himari: Tsugu, Happy...
Ran, Tomoe, Himari & Moca: Birthday!
Tsugumi: Wow~! Thanks, you guys!


<Enriching White Snow>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Sayo: Excuse me. Could I have a refill of tea?
Tsugumi: Sure thing!
Sayo: Also...
Tsugumi: Ah, is there something else you'd like to order?
Sayo: No, that is not it. I only wanted to give you a present. Hazawa-san, Happy Birthday.
Tsugumi: Huh...? Thank you very much! Is it okay for me to open it?
Sayo: Yes, please.
Tsugumi: ... Wow. What a lovely mug! Ah, the white flower on the handle is cute, too! Is this flower a snowdrop?
Sayo: You previously said that it is your favorite flower... I am relieved to see that you liked it.
Tsugumi: Yes, I'm so happy to have it. I'll take good care of it!
Tsugumi: ... Ah, I'm sorry! I'll bring out your refill right away!
Sayo: Fufu. That Hazawa-san.
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: ... Sorry to have kept you waiting!
Sayo: Thank you very much... Oh? What an adorable coaster.
Tsugumi: Ohh, thank you very much! I actually made it myself.
Sayo: I see. It is so high-quality that I thought it might be a product from somewhere.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Placing the tile evenly on the cork was fairly difficult, but...
Tsugumi: Making it was more fun than I thought, and I got hooked.
Sayo: I see... You are quite skilled with your hands.
Sayo: Would this tile happen to be representing a flower pattern?
Tsugumi: Wow, you guessed it right! I guess you could say... I was being a little playful.
Tsugumi: I thought that if customers noticed things like this, it might make them happy.
Sayo: Hazawa-san... That is a wonderful way to think. I am certain that your feelings are being conveyed to your customers.
Tsugumi: Ehehe... Ah, I know! If you'd like, please take this as a thanks for the mug.
Sayo: Are you certain?
Tsugumi: Of course! I have another one just like it, so please use them at home with Hina-senpai!
Sayo: Thank you very much. I will cherish it.
Tsugumi: Fufu. I'm glad you like it.
