1678_Tsugumi Hazawa_R4 Encouraging Sunset

Gacha phrase: We came here to win.

<My Motivation>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Walking Home]

Himari: Phew~... We went all out against Roselia at the concert, didn't we?
Tsugumi: We did... I'm completely drained, but I feel really good about how we played.
Tomoe: Yeah, me too. I'm happy with how things turned out.
Moca: Seeing Ran and Minato-san talking to each other while bawling their eyes out felt like the end of a duel between two fated opponents~.
Ran: ... I don't even have the energy to respond to that now.
Tomoe: Well, today we can go home and get some good rest. Alright, guys, we'll be going this way.
Himari: ... Tsugu? Why did you stop walking?
Tsugumi: Ah, I'm sorry. It's just... too bad we all have to go home right away.
Himari: Fufu. Right, right?! Why don't we stop somewhere together first?
Ran: Okay... How about a restaurant, then?
Moca: Nice~, but if I go someplace warm and fill my belly, I think I'll go nighty night and never wake up~...
Tomoe: I hear that~... So that leaves us with...
Tsugumi: ... Ah, I know. Why don't we go over there?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Ran: Yeah, I certainly don't think we have to worry about falling asleep here.
Tsugumi: But it wouldn't be good to let ourselves get too cold, so let's only stay for a little bit.
Himari: Ah, there's a vending machine over there. How about I get us some warm drinks?
Tomoe: I'm all for that. I'll come with. What do you guys want?
Ran: I'll take a hot coffee.
Tsugumi: Well, could I have some hot tea?
Moca: I'll come choose for myself~.
Himari: Alright then, Ran and Tsugu, wait here!
Ran: ... Hey, Tsugumi.
Tsugumi: Hrm? What is it?
Ran: ... Did you, um... have something you wanted to talk to us about?
Tsugumi: Huh?
Ran: Uh, sorry if I got the wrong idea. I just thought... maybe you wanted to stop somewhere because you had something to say.
Tsugumi: Thanks... for thinking about me, but I don't have anything special to say.
Tsugumi: I was only hoping to spend a little more time with everyone today.
Ran: Oh... Okay, I think I understand.
Tsugumi: ... Thank you for today.
Ran: Huh? For what?
Tsugumi: Because seeing you today made me want to work harder too.
Tsugumi: You looked so cool out in front on stage during the show today. I felt like I wanted to run to the ends of the earth with you.
Tsugumi: I got so excited at the thought of stepping out into the unknown...
Tsugumi: I really do admire you.
Ran: Tsugumi...
Tsugumi: I felt what we talked about on the roof again. I had said that there are so many truly incredible people around me.
Tsugumi: I'll never forget seeing you in front of me today. I'll always remember it and think of it again and again. It'll be my motivation.
Tsugumi: So... thank you.
Ran: ...
Tsugumi: ... M-maybe I've said something weird.
Ran: Nope. You really are amazing.
Ran: Seeing you running forward, looking straight ahead, always pushes me to work hard.
Ran: So I'm the one who should be thanking you.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan...
Ran: You don't just admire people. Once you decide on becoming something, you're the kind of person who will go the distance to see it through.
Ran: I can say this without a doubt, that earnestness of yours is something only y- That's hot!
Moca: We're baaack~. Ran, I've brought your hot coffee right to your cheek~.
Ran: Sigh... Just hand it to me like a normal person would.
Himari: Here, Tsugu. Drink this green tea so you can warm up too!
Tsugumi: Thanks, Himari-chan.
Tomoe: You two were having a lil' heart-to-heart while we were gone, weren'tcha~?
Ran: Nope. We were just talking about what happened today.
Moca: "I can say this without a doubt, that earnestness of yours is something only..." Just what were you gonna say~?
Ran: It's not cool to eavesdrop.
Moca: I just heard you guys talking~. So, why don't you finish what you were saying~?
Ran: I-I think I got my point across. C'mon, our drinks are going to get cold.
Himari: Ahaha, Ran's getting all shy on us~.
Ran: Don't you start with that.
Tsugumi: Fufufu... But I got it. Ran-chan, thank you.


<The Person I Admire>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: Hrm? Tsugumi-chan! Are you on your way home from school?
Tsugumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, good evening! I finished a little late today.
Marina: Are you busy with student council?
Tsugumi: Yes. We're preparing for the graduation ceremony, and there are many other things to do too.
Marina: I see. But even though it sounds like you've got a lot going on, you look really happy.
Tsugumi: I am! I have a lot of things I want to focus on right now.
Tsugumi: There are so many truly incredible people around me... When I see them, they make me want to work just as hard!
Marina: Wow, you sound even more motivated than usual. Did something happen with student council?
Tsugumi: Well, student council is a part of it... but it all really began with Ran-chan.
Tsugumi: The other day, Ran and I talked about how complicated feelings can be for the people you admire.
Tsugumi: Feelings of respect, feelings of rivalry, feelings of insecurity when you see them doing better than you...
Tsugumi: But because that's how I honestly feel, I realized that I have to accept all of those emotions and press on.
Marina: Well, you can try to act like someone you admire, but you can never become them.
Tsugumi: Yes. After I realized that, I decided to trust in my way of doing things and keep pushing forward.
Tsugumi: If one day, the upperclassman I admire just happens to come hang out at school...
Tsugumi: And when they do, they see how I'm handling things and say, "You're boppin'♪"... That would make me happy.
Marina: Huh? Is the person you admire-
Tsugumi: ... Don't tell Hina-senpai.
Tsugumi: Actually, I said I have many things to do because I entered the race for student council president.
Tsugumi: Even if I can't run things like Hina-senpai, I can do it my own w-
Marina: What?! You became student council president! That's great! Congratulations!
Tsugumi: Ah, no! The new president hasn't been decided yet... I was talking about if I won the election.
Marina: Ah... I see. Sorry, I totally jumped the gun.
Marina: But I definitely think you'll be chosen as student council president. We'll be cheering for you from the sidelines.
Tsugumi: Please do! Thank you!
Tsugumi: Well, I should get going. See you next time at, CiRCLE!
