1717_Tsugumi Hazawa_R4 Eager to Help

Gacha phrase: I need to work harder as Haneoka's student council president!

<Hard-Working President>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Moca: Tsugu~. I've finished tallying up the results of these surveys here~.
Tsugumi: Thanks so much for always helping, Moca-chan. I can take it from here, so go ahead and go home.
Moca: Nonsense~. Saint Moca's love extends as far and wide as the very universe itself~.
Moca: So~, hand me half of those surveys~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan... Alright, don't mind if I do then. Are you sure it's okay to ask you to do this?
Moca: No problem~. You really are such a hard worker, though~, Tsugu.
Moca: I freaked out when I came here to hang out and found you buried under a mountain of surveys all by your lonesome~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Rokka-chan and everyone else seemed busy enough, too, so I thought I should take care of it on my own.
Tsugumi: I have to say, though, I didn't expect so many people to fill out the photo contest surveys.
Moca: What was it? Double the number of submissions for the contest compared to last year? That means that many people had a good time~.
Moca: Seeing the halls lined up with photos from one end to the other was quite a sight~.
Tsugumi: Students fooling around on the way to school... Students eyeing the camera and posing...
Tsugumi: There are just as many examples of school life as there are submitted photos...
Tsugumi: I'm so glad we were able to have the contest again this year.
Moca: A lot of people who filled out surveys said they want the contest to come back next year~.
Moca: Also, everyone seemed to like having a large variety of awards. They said it made things interesting.
Tsugumi: Everyone else on the student council came up with that one.
Tsugumi: They said it's kind of sad to just have Best Photograph, Outstanding Photograph, and Honorable Mentions, so they suggested adding more.
Moca: The awards had such interesting names. My personal favorite is the That Smile Is the Best Award~.
Tsugumi: Mine would probably be the Slice of Life Award. I really liked how natural everyone's expressions looked.
Moca: If that's your thing, then you probably can't wait to see who gets next year's Melon Buns Are Sublime Award~.
Tsugumi: You came up with that one just now, didn't you?
Moca: What? I have no idea what you're talking about~.
Tsugumi: Fufufu...
Tsugumi: ... You see, after seeing how well-received the photo contest was, the faculty is positive about holding the contest again next year.
Moca: Oh~, nice~. Looks like your ability as student council president really came through~.
Tsugumi: No, it wasn't me, it was everyone else.
Tsugumi: The ideas they came up with are what made the contest such a hit.
Moca: Yeah, no argument there~.
Moca: But I think your presence is what made everyone want to do their best to make it a fun contest.
Tsugumi: Hm?
Moca: You're such a hard worker~, so I think it naturally makes others want to work just as hard with you~.
Moca: Me and everyone else are proof of that, don't you think?
Tsugumi: ... Thanks, Moca-chan.
Tsugumi: I know things have only just started, but I'll do my best to make Haneoka the best possible school for every single student.
Tsugumi: I don't want the traditions that have been passed on to us to end with our generation. I want to make sure they can continue into the future.
Tsugumi: Preserving what's good while also adding new things... I want to be the kind of student council president who walks forward alongside everyone.
Moca: Hmm...? What might this be~? Oh~...
Tsugumi: ...?
Moca: Listen now with open ears, for Saint Moca comes to you with a divine revelation~.
Moca: Student Council President Tsugumi, your future is assured~. March onward with confidence~.
Tsugumi: Fufu... As you say, Saint Moca!
Moca: Good, good. I shall accept your offering of buns from Yamabuki Bakery~.
Tsugumi: Sure. How about we swing by on the way home? I'm starting to get a little hungry too.
Tsugumi: Alright, let's hurry up and tally up the rest of the surveys so we can go home!
Moca: Aye, aye~.
Tsugumi: So~, this survey goes here~...


<Feelings Leading to the Future>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: That was some delicious stuff we got to eat at that place~. Now I'm ready to work hard from the afternoon and onward.
Tsugumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello!
Marina: Oh, Tsugumi-chan! Hi! Wait... Are you on your way to school?
Tsugumi: Yes! There's some student council work I need to take care of. Bit of an upcoming event next month.
Marina: I see~. So you're going to school to prepare for it, huh? Sorry to hear you have to do that on your day off. But...
Marina: You seem to be enjoying yourself. You've been smiling this whole time.
Tsugumi: I-I have? I hadn't realized at all.
Tsugumi: Although... I do feel like this is really worth doing!
Tsugumi: You see... I became Haneoka's student council president!
Marina: Wow, congrats!
Tsugumi: I still can't do things as well as Hina-senpai, but I'm managing somehow, thanks to the rest of the student council's help.
Tsugumi: They helped make Haneoka's photo contest the other day a huge success!
Marina: The photo contest... That was the event where photos of school life got put on display, right?
Tsugumi: Yes, that's the one! The photo contest event is actually a Haneoka tradition.
Tsugumi: For a bit, there was talk of getting rid of it, though... so I'm happy we got to hold it again this year.
Tsugumi: The old students passed on this tradition to us, and now we've managed to pass it on to future Haneoka students... It's such a relief.
Marina: Tradition, huh~? Like you said, letting something like that end would be kind of sad.
Marina: Fufu. Good job keeping the tradition alive, Tsugumi-chan.
Tsugumi: Thank you. Besides the photo contest, though, there are other Haneoka events that have been around forever.
Tsugumi: Each of them holds the feelings of so many of the older students, so I want to do my best to ensure those feelings continue on into the future!
Marina: Good luck! I hope your feelings get to continue on as well.
Tsugumi: My feelings...?
Marina: Mm-hmm. You've been putting your feelings into all sorts of events, right?
Marina: That's why I'm hoping the next generation of Haneoka students pass on your feelings to the future.
Tsugumi: Oh... My feelings can be passed on too...
Marina: Fufufu... Oops, just noticed the time. Sorry, we'll be heading back to CiRCLE.
Tsugumi: Oh, I'm sorry too...! I kept talking forever.
Marina: It's fine. Anyway, later. Looking forward to seeing you at CiRCLE.
Tsugumi: Thanks!
