1774_Tsugumi Hazawa_R5 "I'm Alright" Prayer

Gacha phrase: (This is the first time... I've ever wanted us to stop moving forward.)

<Still the Same as Always>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: ... And the clubs' activity reports... Alright, I guess this is everything.
Tsugumi: All that's left is... to sort the surveys about school life.
Tsugumi: There's still time before the next student council meeting, but since a lot of surveys are being turned in, I'll take care of them now while I can.
Ran: Tsugumi, hi.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan! Hi. What brings you here?
Ran: I was free. Himari and Tomoe are in their clubs, and Moca is working.
Ran: I saw in the group chat that you were still busy with student council work, so I thought I'd come lend a hand.
Tsugumi: Oh, thanks!
Ran: Sorry I dropped by so randomly. Is there anything I can do to help?
Tsugumi: Well then, would you mind helping me sort these surveys? Surveys with similar requests should be stacked together.
Ran: Okay.
Tsugumi: ...
Ran: By the way, where's Rokka?
Tsugumi: We finished the most urgent work already, so I sent her home early. Lately, she's been staying late every day working really hard to help me~.
Ran: ... I see.
Ran & Tsugumi: ...
Tsugumi: (... I think the last time it was just the two of us was when we had that talk.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: I want to achieve all our dreams as a band by the time we graduate high school: win the GBT, finally play the ultimate show... create our legend. All of it.
Ran: I want to play as hard as we can, as fast as we can... and then graduate.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: (... Oh no, what should I talk about? We decided not to bring up the thing we talked about last time until after the GBT.)
Tsugumi: Um...
Tsugumi: H-hey, Tomoe-chan and Himari-chan seem really busy with their clubs every day, don't they~?
Ran: Huh? Yeah. They are the captain and vice-captain of their clubs, after all.
Tsugumi: That's true! I wonder what it's like to lead a club? Leading the student council is hard work, but I'm sure their roles are just as demanding, don't you think?
Ran: I wouldn't know...
Tsugumi: I bet they have to teach the juniors too. They're really amazing~!
Ran: You teach the juniors too, though, don't you?
Tsugumi: Ah, o-oh yeah! That's the same! Ahaha~...
Tsugumi: ...
Tsugumi: (Uh-oh... I think I just said something weird.)
Ran & Tsugumi: Um... Hey...
Tsugumi: I-I'm sorry! You go first.
Ran: It's okay. If you have something you want to say, then you can go first.
Ran & Tsugumi: ...
Ran: ... Sorry. It feels like things got kind of awkward.
Tsugumi: Fufu... No, I'm the one who should apologize.
Ran: Ah, it's a message from Moca.
Ran: "Limited-time sweets are out today~♪ Savor delicacies that have earned a Moca-chan five-star approval~."
Ran: ... Says Moca. She sent pictures too. Is she... even working?
Tsugumi: Maybe... she's on her break.
Ran: I want to see Moca, so why don't we stop by her convenience store on the way home?
Tsugumi: Okay!
Himari: Tsugu~! My club's over, so I'll help you!
Tomoe: ... Huh? Ran, you're here? Did you come to help Tsugu too?
Ran: That's right. I was free.
Himari: Hey, did you see the pictures of the sweets Moca just sent us? They look super good, don't they?!
Tsugumi: Yeah, we saw them. We were just talking about swinging by her convenience store on the way home.
Himari: That sounds great! Let's go, let's go~!
Tomoe: Since we're gonna see Moca, I guess we should bring her a little snack, eh?
Himari: In that case, we've got to stop by Yamabuki Bakery. And then, Kitazawa Meats too!
Ran: Is that just because you want to eat something?
Himari: I can't help it~. I'm always starving after my club is over. I want to eat a hot croquette~!
Tomoe: I know what you mean! I feel like I could down three bowls of ramen right now!
Ran: That's way too many...
Tomoe: Wait, I was just saying that! I wouldn't eat three bowls of ramen... But I seriously think I could wolf down that many right now.
Tsugumi: Fufu...!
Tsugumi: (Whenever we get together, our same as always takes over instantly.)
Tsugumi: (I love... being with everyone in Afterglow so much.)
Ran: Tsugumi, let's hurry up and get things sorted so we can go see Moca.
Tsugumi: Alright!
(Black cut)


<Words under the Warm Sun>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Tsugumi: Let's see, next... I need to stop by a greengrocer, and then I guess I'm done.
Marina: Hrm? Over there, is that... Hey~, Tsugumi-chan~.
Tsugumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi.
Marina: Hi. Are you shopping?
Tsugumi: Yes. My mom asked me to get a few things. What are you two doing here?
Marina: We're out picking up some things too... That reminds me, there was something I wanted to talk to you about when I saw you!
Marina: You all made it through the third round of the GBT. Congratulations! I wanted to tell you in person.
Tsugumi: Ah... Um, thank you. Somehow, we managed to advance to the next round.
Marina: You look kind of down, though. Is everything okay?
Tsugumi: Well... I'm really happy we won.
Tsugumi: But lately, I've been thinking a lot about the future... Like, what comes after the GBT and what it means to be in a band.
Tsugumi: I knew I needed to concentrate during our show, but I still messed up while we were playing...
Marina: Oh, so that's why you seem kind of down. That must've been hard on you.
Tsugumi: Until the results were finally announced... I was so worried my mistakes had gotten us eliminated from the GBT.
Marina: But that only happened because you were taking the tournament so seriously, right?
Tsugumi: That's what the others said.
Tsugumi: I was so disappointed and scared and worried because I messed up... That's when Himari-chan came to cheer me up.
Tsugumi: She told me that no matter what the results were that day, we could always try again.
Tsugumi: ... And that as long as we kept rising to the challenge, nothing would be over for us!
Marina: Nothing would be over as long as you kept rising to the challenge, huh? She sure has some cool advice.
Tsugumi: She does! Her words helped me relax a little.
Tsugumi: No matter what's happening, Himari-chan always says something cheerful and full of hope.
Tsugumi: That's what's so amazing about her. It's like only she can say things like that... It made me realize again just how much of a great leader she is.
Marina: That's Himari-chan for you! Do you feel like you can hold your chin high and work hard toward the next round of the GBT?
Tsugumi: Hold my chin high...? Yes, I think I can. I want to keep working as hard as I can so we can win the GBT.
Marina: You're playing off against Morfonica next, right?
Tsugumi: Yes. I think they are going to be more challenging than any of the other bands we've competed against so far.
Tsugumi: But that doesn't mean we're planning to lose. We're going to work hard to win the GBT and then play the greatest show ever!
Marina: Fufu, you sound pretty fired up. Good luck. We'll be rooting for you!
(Black cut)
