1841_Tsugumi Hazawa_R5 Sparkling President

Gacha phrase: I'm sparkly all over. It's so flashy... Ahahaha.

<So They Can Do What They Want>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

LOCK (Rokka): A new type of bread that'll be a popular featured product like the fluffy chestnut cream buns... Hmm, now that I think about it, I don't know what would be good.
LOCK (Rokka): What kind of product would make everyone happy?
Tsugumi: We didn't even expect the fluffy chestnut cream buns to be such a hit. Oh, that's it!
Tsugumi: Do you want to try analyzing the fluffy chestnut cream buns?
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, that's a good idea! It's important to analyze, after all.
Tsugumi: Yeah. What do you think makes them so appealing, Rokka-chan?
LOCK (Rokka): Appealing...? Let's see...
LOCK (Rokka): Even though it's a dessert-type bread, the filling is generous... Could that be it?
Tsugumi: Yeah, I think so too. Even if you only eat fluffy chestnut cream buns for lunch, you still feel full.
Tsugumi: In that case, the next type of bread we'll have in stock should go in the complete opposite direction.
LOCK (Rokka): I see...! If it's the same type then it wouldn't get much attention. Tsugumi-senpai, you're a genius!
Tsugumi: This is actually how we come up with new menu items at the café.
Tsugumi: So I thought if we used the same method, we could come up with a new featured product.
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, let's keep thinking about what makes fluffy chestnut cream buns so special!
LOCK (Rokka): Well, besides that...
LOCK (Rokka): Other than the generous filling...
Tsugumi: What makes fluffy chestnut cream buns so good...?
LOCK & Tsugumi: Hmm...
Tsugumi: ... To be honest, I only had them when we tried a sample to decide if we should sell them or not. I couldn't buy them after that...
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, you too, Tsugumi-senpai? That was the only time for me as well... So I don't remember them very well...
Tsugumi: I really want to taste one again...
Tsugumi: ...! N-no! It's just to analyze the bread, not because I want it for myself!
LOCK (Rokka): D-don't worry! I understand!
LOCK (Rokka): But realistically speaking, the fluffy chestnut cream buns are too popular to get our hands on. That's why we wanna come up with a new featured product...
Tsugumi: It'll be hard for us to get them as samples...
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah...
Tsugumi: Do we line up with everyone else...? But then no one will be there to manage the lines... Hmm...
LOCK (Rokka): ... Oh! Why don't we ask the students, then?
LOCK (Rokka): If we know what they like about the fluffy chestnut cream buns, we might get an idea of what the next featured product could be!
LOCK (Rokka): We've gotten more submissions in our suggestion box ever since the search for the painting, right?
LOCK (Rokka): So we'll definitely have more feedback this time! What do you think...?
Tsugumi: Mhm. That sounds perfect!
Tsugumi: If we make good use of surveys, we can even find out how much of each product we'll need for the cafeteria menu. That's just amazing.
LOCK (Rokka): It'd be nice if the people who answer the survey could get something in return...
Tsugumi: You're right. Having some kind of perk would make more students want to cooperate.
LOCK (Rokka): ... I know! Why don't we hold a bread popularity contest?
Tsugumi: A popularity contest?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! We could increase the stock of popular bread or give a limited-time discount for the bread that gets first place!
LOCK (Rokka): As you mentioned earlier, it'll be easier to get feedback if it's fun for them.
Tsugumi: Mhm, that sounds so exciting! We'll have to talk to the teachers about discounts and increasing the amount of bread, though...
LOCK (Rokka): ...! That means...!
Tsugumi: Let's go for it, Rokka-chan! I'll be in charge of deciding the contest period and discussing it with the teachers.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you so much!
Tsugumi: If we're handing out surveys at such a big scale, then not only do we have to prepare, but we'll also need a lot of people to help tally the results...
LOCK (Rokka): You can leave that to me! I'll reach out to student council members who might want to help.
Tsugumi: Thanks. I appreciate it.
LOCK (Rokka): Not at all! You'll be doing the most important parts, so it's the least I can do...!
LOCK (Rokka): I'll go ahead and ask the student council members now then! And I have to make the proposal too...!
Tsugumi: Oh, Rokka-chan...?!
Tsugumi: ... She's already gone. Fufu.
Tsugumi: ... Haneoka's student council really is a place where we can give it our all at what we want to do.
Tsugumi: (That's why I love this place... I love Haneoka's student council.)
Tsugumi: (I want Rokka-chan and the other student council members to fly more freely.)
Tsugumi: (No, it's not just the student council. I want everyone in Haneoka... to feel that way too.)
Tsugumi: (I want them to know that when they're here, they can run toward whatever they want to do.)
Tsugumi: That's... the reason why I'm here. As the student council president, I have to work even harder!


<What Gets Passed On>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Tsugumi: ... These snacks should be enough, right?
Marina: Oh, Tsugumi-chan!
Tsugumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. Those bags... Are you out shopping?
Marina: Yeah. We just have to stop by one more place then we're done. What are you up to?
Tsugumi: I'm going to Asahi Bathhouse to see Rokka-chan.
Marina: I see. You and Rokka-chan are an unusual pair.
Tsugumi: We're both in the student council starting this year, so we became closer than before.
Tsugumi: We planned to have a little after-party for the student council.
Marina: Since you're celebrating, does that mean you just finished student council work?
Tsugumi: Yes. Just recently, our entrance painting went missing...
Marina: It went missing...?!
Tsugumi: Yes. We received a submission to the suggestion box that the painting was gone, so Rokka-chan and I went around looking for it. We even asked the whole school about it.
Marina: The whole school?! That must've been tough. You definitely deserve an after-party~!
Tsugumi: Ehehe, thank you. When we were looking for the painting, Rokka-chan was so determined and worked harder than anyone else did.
Tsugumi: But she said she wasn't doing enough, and that she was still a temporary student council member.
Marina: She takes things really seriously, right? She might be too hard on herself.
Tsugumi: I think so too. But in the end, while we were drinking coffee milk, she declared that she wouldn't be a temporary member anymore, so I'm glad.
Tsugumi: You have to first acknowledge to yourself that you're doing your best.
Marina: Yeah. Maybe the reason Rokka-chan wants to work even harder is because she got to see how hard-working you are firsthand.
Tsugumi: Me...?
Marina: Mhm. If you see someone doing their best, you end up wanting to be like them, right?
Tsugumi: I do...! When I was in my second year, I followed Hina-senpai's footsteps, after all.
Tsugumi: I can't be like her, but... I always thought it'd be nice if Rokka-chan could see me the same way I saw Hina-senpai.
Marina: That's already the case, don't you think? That's why Rokka-chan gave it everything she could.
Tsugumi: Oh... Do you think so? I hope that's true...
Tsugumi: From Hina-senpai to me, me to Rokka-chan, and Rokka-chan to the next person...
Tsugumi: It'd be nice if the appeal and enjoyment of Haneoka's student council could be passed down that way...
Marina: I know you can do it, Tsugumi-chan. I'm rooting for you!
Tsugumi: Thank you. I'll keep doing my best as the student council president!
