1983_Tsugumi Hazawa_R5 The Back I've Chased

Gacha phrase: We've been chasing Ran-chan's back...

<On Your Own Feet Properly>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Residential Area]

Tsugumi: Well, see you tomorrow at the venue.
Tomoe: Have a safe trip home, you guys. See you later.
Himari: All right, then, let's go home too. My face is a wreck already~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Everyone's eyes have turned bright red.
Himari: It's true--! Oh, what if they swell up tomorrow!?
Tomoe: It's true, a swollen face won't look cool at all on stage.
Tomoe: Ako will be worried about me, so I'll have to do something about it.
Tsugumi: I've heard it's good to wash your face alternately with warm and cold water. Maybe I'll give it a try when I get home.
Himari: Oh, maybe I've heard about that too.
Tomoe: But, you know, after all that crying and practicing, I feel better. I'll be in a better state of mind tomorrow.
Tomoe: Moca did say she's going to reunite Afterglow the day after tomorrow.
Himari: Yeah, yeah. I can't believe Moca suggested such a thing.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan must be thinking about a lot of things. She was concerned about me the other day, and we talked a little.
Tomoe: Oh, is that what happened?
Tsugumi: Yeah. Moca-chan always keeps a good eye on people around her.
Tsugumi: She seemed to be worried that I was trying too hard.
Tsugumi: ... So, I also wanted to thank Tomoe-chan and Himari-chan. Thank you both.
Himari: Did we do anything to be thanked...?
Tomoe: No, I can think of nothing... Tsugu, what do you mean?
Tsugumi: ...You know, at practice, both of you said "one more time" to us all.
Tsugumi: Thanks to you two saying that so many times, Afterglow got to perform a lot.
Tomoe: That's... well... what should I say... see, I wasn't satisfied with our performance.
Tsugumi: Fufu... I see. Still, it was a chance for all of us to tell each other what we thought.
Tsugumi: If you two hadn't said "one more time" like that, I might be spending this time differently now...
Tsugumi: So, thank you so much.
Himari: ... I, I didn't want that time to end yet.
Himari: That's why I said it that way and extended the practice time. It wasn't for Ran or Tsugu, but for my own sake.
Tomoe: If you're that honest about it, I can't keep quiet either... I was feeling the same way as Himari.
Tomoe: Rather than feeling I held you all back, I just didn't want that time to end.
Tsugumi: That's how it was...
Tsugumi: Oh, you know. I also had a thought at that time...
Tsugumi: I was really worried that my thoughts and goals were different from everyone else's.
Tsugumi: I've been running after everyone else's back all this way so far... But I realized I am not running alone yet.
Tsugumi: I found that this is what I was still missing... No, I was able to realize it.
Himari: I don't think so! You're always trying to do what only you can do.
Tomoe: Yeah. You're doing your job as the Student Council president, you're trying to find what you can do, and you're working hard.
Tomoe: There are many things you've been doing on your own.
Tsugumi: ... Thank you, Himari-chan and Tomoe-chan. I thought it was good that I tried my best.
Tsugumi: But, as for me... I still have a lot of things to do.
Tsugumi: So, I want to be able to run on my own.
Tsugumi: For the future of Afterglow, and also for myself.
Himari: Tsugu...
Tsugumi: I was able to see what I wanted to be and the path I wanted to take, and I felt a little more relaxed.
Tsugumi: I had to try my best and not worry about it. I'd try my best and then worry again when I hit a wall.
Tomoe: I see... Haha, working hard like that is just like you, Tsugu.
Himari: You're really Tsugurific today!
Tsugumi: Thanks, both of you.
Tomoe: ...Oh, now that Tsugumi has made up her mind to do this, we can't lose either.
Tsugumi: Huh?
Tomoe: We have to be like Tsugu. For the future of Afterglow, and also for ourselves.
Himari: Yeah, yeah! We can't lose to Tsugu!
Tsugumi: N-no, that's not true... you two are much better than me...
Tomoe: Well, before we decide who wins or loses, we have to give it our all.
Tsugumi: Yeah... Tomorrow is the finals.
Tomoe: That's what it's all about, I need to eat well and sleep well after I get home.
Tsugumi: Fufu, that's true... Alright, I'll get pumped and do my best~!
Himari: In times like this~.... Hey, hey, hoh~!
Tsugumi & Tomoe: Hoh~!


<Getting Ready to Speak My Mind>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: I'm hungry~. I missed lunch, let's get something light to eat.
Tsugumi: Ah..! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, Long time, no see!
Marina: Hello, Tsugumi-chan!
Marina: Are you on your way home from school? But seems like a little late for leaving school...
Tsugumi: That's because I've got a lot of work to do for the Student Council... I stayed behind until this time.
Marina: That's a lot of work! Thanks for your hard work, Tsugumi-chan.
Marina: We're also very busy today, and we were just talking about having a late lunch.
Tsugumi: Eh, lunch at this time!? Thanks for your hard work, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Thank you. Why don't you join us if you like, Tsugumi-chan?
Tsugumi: Wow ...! Are you sure?
Marina: Of course! I wanted to hear your story, too.
Tsugumi: M-my story... I don't have such a great story to tell you, but please let me join you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Marina: Hm~. Hmmm... Hagumi-chan's croquettes are always delicious.
Tsugumi: Right! Let's eat... Ah! Hot!
Marina: Ufufu, be careful, it's hot when it's fried. And good job on G.B.T. finals. I know you had a long and tough time.
Tsugumi: Oh, thank you very much! Yes, now that G.B.T. has settled down, I can finally get things going with the Student Council.
Tsugumi: I've been putting it on the back burner, but now I'm working on the Student Council and trying to sort out my feelings about the future.
Marina: I see. Then, it looks like you don't have much time to relax.
Tsugumi: Yes, that's right. But maybe it is better for me to have something to do. If I had time, I would probably worry about the future of the band.
Marina: I did hear some stuff about Afterglow in passing from Himari-chan.
Marina: CiRCLE is always waiting for you all, and I hope things work out for the best for everyone in Afterglow.
Tsugumi: ... Thank you very much. After all, it's great to know that there's a place waiting for us.
Tsugumi: I've thought about it a lot. ... I hope that Afterglow and I can be that kind of place for Ran-chan.
Marina: I'm sure you can. I'm sure you are that place even now.
Tsugumi: Thank you very much...I hope so.
Tsugumi: Because I want to do my best with everyone else all the way... That's why I want to run as hard as I can, waiting for Ran-chan.
Tsugumi: I'm sure Ran-chan would be able to catch up with me even if I'm running.
Tsugumi: And then, I want to tell her, "I've been waiting for you."..."Welcome back."
Marina: Yeah. I'd also like to see the Afterglow's five members on stage together again someday.
Tsugumi: Yes...! To that end, I have to do what I can do with all my might!
Tsugumi: Alright, I'm feeling more energetic! Munch, munch...,hmm, thank you for the meal!
Tsugumi: Okay, I have to go home and help out at the cafe! And Student Council work and my homework!
Marina: Fufu, keep it up, keep it up. I'll be always supporting you.
Tsugumi: Yes! Thank you both for listening to me!
Tsugumi: The croquettes were delicious! Then, see you later!
