2069_Tsugumi Hazawa_R5 Bleepin’ Haneoka Student Council

Gacha phrase: If only I could do things like her...

<President’s Woes Pt. 1>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa, Rokka Asahi, Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: Whew~... This part’s done, so now I’ve gotta check these documents...
LOCK (Rokka): Great work, Tsugumi-senpai! I finished the interview with the Beautification Committee!
Tsugumi: Thanks, Rokka-chan. How did it go?
LOCK (Rokka): They wanted to request new cleaning supplies, but it depends on the budget, so they might change what they buy based on how much they get.
LOCK (Rokka): But budget decisions also involve balancing things with other committees, right?
Tsugumi: Right. We'll need to finish hearing from all the committees first.
LOCK (Rokka): Exactly. So I told the Beautification Committee to hold off for now!
Tsugumi: Thanks! I’ll take over that request from here.
LOCK (Rokka): Got it!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, but Tsugumi-senpai, aren’t you swamped with those hidden documents Hina-senpai left behind...?
Tsugumi: Ahaha, I don’t think she meant to hide them... She probably just forgot to pass them on.
Tsugumi: Still, there’s a ton to go through.
LOCK (Rokka): I didn’t really think of her that way, but Hina-senpai sure handled a lot of paperwork too, huh?
Tsugumi: Yeah. She’d often say stuff like, “Tsugu-chan, take care of it~!” but it’s not like she wasn’t doing any of it herself.
Tsugumi: These ones even I haven’t seen before, so reviewing them’s going to take some effort...
LOCK (Rokka): Doing all this on her own... Hina-senpai really was amazing.
Tsugumi: Seriously. I keep telling myself I have to do my best too, but I’ve still got a long way to go.
LOCK (Rokka): Tsugumi-senpai, you’re doing a great job as student council president! I know because I see it up close!
Tsugumi: R-Really? Thanks, Rokka-chan.
Anon: Excuse me, sorry to interrupt!
Tomori: ...Excuse me...
Tsugumi: Oh, what brings you two here?
Anon: We wanted to clean the astronomy club room, but we’re short on supplies. Do you have any spares?
Tsugumi: There should be some extras on the second floor. The location’s a bit tricky, so I’ll show you.
LOCK (Rokka): Please wait! Tsugumi-senpai, you should prioritize the paperwork!
Tsugumi: Huh? But...
LOCK (Rokka): I can show them where the spare supplies are.
LOCK (Rokka): So, I’ll take care of it! Tsugumi-senpai, make sure you take a break too.
Tsugumi: Thanks. See you soon.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I guess I made her worry.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Tsugumi: Phew...
Tsugumi: (So I’m the only one left after all... Hina-senpai really was quick with this stuff.)
Tsugumi: (I thought it last year too, but now that I’m doing it myself, I can really feel the difference...)
Tsugumi: If only I could do things like her...
Hina: Ahh, Tsugu-chan~! Yoo-hoo~!
Tsugumi: Wha!? Hina-senpai!?
Hina: Such a big reaction~! Were you that surprised?
Tsugumi: I was just thinking about you, actually.
Hina: Wow, what a coincidence!
Tsugumi: Fufu, yeah. Are you just getting off work, Hina-senpai?
Hina: Yup! We had a photoshoot for our artist visuals~.
Tsugumi: I see. Great job today.
Hina: Oh!  While we're here, why don't we drop by a café together?
Tsugumi: Right now?
Hina: Yup! I want to talk about today, and I want to hear what’s going on at Haneoka too!
Tsugumi: Sounds good! I’d love to go.
Hina: Yay! So, where should we go? Your place?
Tsugumi: Since it’s a rare chance, how about the CiRCLE café? I heard they recently revamped their dessert menu.
Hina: Ooh, that sounds awesome~! Then let’s head to CiRCLE!


<President’s Woes Pt. 2>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa, Rokka Asahi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Tsugumi: Thanks for the food. Nom... Mmm~, so good!
Hina: Ahaha, that’s a great face~.
Tsugumi: Ehehe... I feel like sweet things taste even better when you're tired.
Hina: Oh yeah? So, you're saying you’re tired?
Tsugumi: Ah, no, not at all. Every day feels really fulfilling.
Hina: I see. So, how’s the student council going?
Tsugumi: It’s going great! Rokka-chan and everyone else in the council are amazing, and I feel like it’s really rewarding.
Tsugumi: Just like last year, I really feel lucky to be working with such a great group.
Hina: That’s awesome~ Sounds like everyone’s working hard.
Tsugumi: Yes. That’s why I feel like I need to be even more dependable as student council president.
Hina: Hmmm...?
Tsugumi: I-Is something wrong?
Hina: Hmm, it kinda feels like you're not being very Tsugurific today. Like, your Tsugurific energy’s a bit low.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... When you say my “Tsugurific energy’s low,” do you mean I’m out of energy?
Hina: Probably something like that.
Tsugumi: In that case... yeah, I might be a little tired today.
Hina: But didn’t you just say you weren’t?
Tsugumi: Well... I didn’t want to make you worry. And in a way, you’re kind of involved too.
Hina: Eh~? Why am I in this!?
Tsugumi: Well, actually... we found a huge stack of documents that were never passed down from you. I’ve been scrambling to deal with them ever since...
Hina: Ehhh, seriously!? Sorry, sorry! I probably thought, “I’ll handle this later real quick,” and then forgot all about it!
Tsugumi: Fufu, just as I suspected.
Tsugumi: I wish I could take care of things as quickly as you do... but it’s not that easy for me.
Hina: I see~ Well then, here’s what I think!
Hina: You just cut it off like this. Here, this one’s for you!
Tsugumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Hina: C’mon, just eat it.
Tsugumi: O-Okay... nom.
Hina: Well? Good?
Tsugumi: It’s... really good...
Hina: And the rest, I’ll give to the student council. If they all eat it too, maybe everyone can feel a little happier?
Tsugumi: But... this is the student council president’s responsibility. Wouldn’t it just be dumping the work on them...?
Hina: Really? I only did it myself because I thought it’d be faster. But if working together makes more sense, then that’s fine too.
Hina: I mean, you’re not me, right?
Tsugumi: Ah... right. And yet I was trying to be...
Hina: And I’m not you, either. I never would’ve thought of making that suggestion box. I was like, “Whoa, so that’s how you can share feelings too!”
Tsugumi: Fufu, true. We still get quite a few submissions, even now.
Hina: Yep yep, exactly.
Hina: Being Tsugurific is one of your strengths, but thinking fast and directing traffic when things get hectic—that's totally a Tsugu-chan thing too!
Hina: Right, Madam Vice President?
Tsugumi: ...Fufu. Thank you, President!
Tsugumi: Alright! I’m feeling more energized now!
Hina: Ahaha, now that’s Tsugurific! Go, Tsugu-chan, go~♪
Tsugumi: Yes! I’ll do my best! Nom... Mmm, delicious!
Hina: Hey, can I get a bite in return for before?
Tsugumi: Then... here, have the strawberry part. Here you go~♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: —So with that said, I’d like to revise how we divide the work!
LOCK (Rokka): Of course! Let’s all do it together!
Council Member A: Man~ The president really was taking on too much, huh?
Tsugumi: But are you sure? This’ll probably increase everyone’s workload quite a bit.
LOCK (Rokka): It’s okay! Student council work is busy, but fun!
Council Member B: If there’s something we can do, we’ll help!
Tsugumi: Really? Thank you, everyone!
Tsugumi: In that case, I’d like to get started on these documents today.
LOCK (Rokka): Ehh!? That’s... that’s a huge pile...! You want to finish all this today...!? Gotta buckle down...!
(Black cut)
Council Member A: U-Um, Senpai, how should I fill out this part...!?
Tsugumi: Ah, for that section, use this file as a reference.
Council Member A: Got it! Thank you so much!
LOCK (Rokka): Eek~... I can’t believe both Hina-senpai and you were doing all this without a single complaint~...
LOCK (Rokka): You’re both superhuman...!
Tsugumi: If you’re ever unsure about anything, feel free to ask. Let’s do our best—together!
(White cut)
(Background change)
