2215_Tsugumi Hazawa_R5 Full Speed for You

Gacha phrase: You’re cool, Tomoe-chan.

<Being the “Big Sister”>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi & Tsukushi: Thank you very much~!
Tsugumi: Phew... thanks, Tsukushi-chan. Good work today, all the way until closing.
Tsugumi: I'm sorry you had to stay later when you could’ve finished earlier. I’ll take care of the rest, so you can head out now—really, it’s fine.
Tsukushi: No, please! Since I’m already here, I’ll stay and help clean up!
Tsugumi: But it was pretty busy today—aren’t you tired?
Tsukushi: I’m fine. Leave it to me!
Tsukushi: I’ll grab a towel!
Tsugumi: Fufu... you’re really dependable.
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: ...Alright! I’ve finished wiping down this side of the tables! I’ll restock the supplies too.
Tsugumi: Thanks! You always work hard, but today you were especially helpful.
Tsugumi: And seeing you like this really gives me energy, you know.
Tsukushi: Ehehe, I’m happy if I can be of help.
Tsukushi: ......
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan?
Tsukushi: Um...
Tsukushi: It might just be my imagination, but... did something happen, Tsugumi-senpai...?
Tsugumi: Huh?
Tsukushi: Ah, no, I just thought maybe you seemed a little down today... or maybe you’re tired?
Tsugumi: (...So that’s why she stayed until the end, huh.)
Tsugumi: Sorry for making you worry. I’m okay.
Tsugumi: But, now that you mention it... I guess I have been lost in thought all day.
Tsugumi: Even though it’s not really something I can do anything about.
Tsukushi: That happens sometimes, doesn’t it? When you can’t help but think about something even though you know it won’t change anything.
Tsukushi: Um, if you ever want to talk about it, I’ll listen!
Tsukushi: I know I’m just your junior, but... I can at least do that much!
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan...
Tsugumi: Ever since you got used to the job, you’ve really become someone we can rely on. You're my junior, but honestly, you feel more like a big sister.
Tsukushi: R-really? Ufufu... hearing that makes me happy!
Tsugumi: Ah...! That reminds me, Tsukushi-chan, you’re the big sister at home too, right?
Tsukushi: Eh? Oh, yes—I have two younger sisters...
Tsugumi: Sorry, that was out of nowhere. It’s just, you’re so dependable and caring—it reminded me of Tomoe-chan.
Tsugumi: Maybe it’s because you’re both older sisters.
Tsukushi: Eeh, no way...! Tomoe-senpai, sure, but I’ve still got a long way to go!
Tsukushi: But... I do try to be a “big sister they can look up to.” My little sisters are still pretty young, so...
Tsugumi: I see. There’s quite an age gap between you, isn’t there?
Tsukushi: Yeah. That’s why I always tell myself I have to be the responsible one.
Tsukushi: “Be a good example.” “Take proper care of them.” “I’m the big sister, so I have to do it right.”
Tsukushi: ...That’s what I keep telling myself, but... it doesn’t always go smoothly.
Tsugumi: That’s amazing, though... Doesn’t it get exhausting, always playing the “big sister” role at home?
Tsukushi: Oh, sure! All the time!
Tsukushi: No matter how many times I tell them it’s bedtime, they don’t listen, and they never clean up after themselves.
Tsugumi: Really...? If it’s like that all the time, I can see how that’d be tough.
Tsukushi: Right~? I wish they’d just listen the first time.
Tsukushi: But... no matter what happens, I’ll always be their big sister.
Tsukushi: Even if I’m tired or it’s hard, I’m the only big sister they’ve got!
Tsugumi: Ah...
Tsugumi: (Tsukushi-chan... she’s got the same look Tomoe-chan gets when she talks about Ako-chan.)
Tsugumi: (She’s probably struggled a lot without showing it... always trying to stay strong in front of her sisters.)
Tsugumi: (She’s been “the big sister” for a long, long time.)
Tsugumi: Being an older sister is honestly such an amazing thing. You're really cool, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: Ehh!? I feel like you are the ideal big sister, Tsugumi-senpai...!
Tsugumi: Hmm, well, at home I can be kinda sloppy sometimes.
Tsukushi: Lazy Tsugumi-senpai... I can’t even imagine that.
Tsugumi: Really? My mom has to remind me about stuff sometimes.
Tsukushi: Fufu, that’s kind of unexpected. But I guess that just means you're in relaxed mode, right?
Tsugumi: Yeah. And because of that, I feel like I need to work even harder the rest of the time.
Tsugumi: Being a big sister might not come with breaks... but when you’re with me, you can rely on me instead, okay?
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai...! Thank you so much!
Tsugumi: (Tomoe-chan too... when she gets tired of always being “the big sister,” I hope I can be someone she can lean on.)
Tsukushi: ...Wait, huh? Aren’t I the one being cheered up here...!?
Tsugumi: Fufu, not at all! Thank you so much, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsugumi: (When I see Tomoe-chan tomorrow, I’ll start by smiling—brightly, just like Tsukushi-chan did today.)


<To the One Who Saved Me>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew, let’s take a short break. ...Huh? Is that...
Tsugumi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Good work today.
Marina: Nice work today. Are you on break too, Tsugumi-chan? What did you order?
Tsugumi: Since it’s been warm lately, I went with an iced lemon tea.
Marina: Nice choice~. It’s a bit hot during the day, so that must be refreshing.
Tsugumi: Yes. Though when we went to the beach the other day, it was actually a little chilly.
Marina: Ah, I heard a bit from Tomoe-chan. You just went after school, right?
Tsugumi: Hehe, that’s right. I was a little surprised when she suddenly said she wanted to go to the beach.
Tsugumi: But I think on that day, Tomoe-chan really needed the ocean.
Tsugumi: So we just said, “Then let’s go right now!” and ran straight out of the classroom.
Marina: Fufu, sounds like so much fun. You’re such a kind person, Tsugumi-chan. It’s amazing how far you’ll go for a friend.
Tsugumi: Oh, no! It’s not like that... I just wanted to do it.
Tsugumi: Actually, when I was struggling before, Tomoe-chan listened to me...
Marina: Ah, right—you told me a little about that once. That’s what you’re talking about, huh?
Tsugumi: Yes. Her words really saved me that time. So I wanted to return that kindness, even just a little.
Tsugumi: When Tomoe-chan’s having a hard time, I want to be there for her. And if there’s something I can do, I’ll give it everything I’ve got.
Marina: I see, so that’s what happened...
Tsugumi: I don’t know how much I was able to do...
Tsugumi: But lately, Tomoe-chan’s had such a great look on her face—I think that alone makes it all worth it.
Marina: Yeah, yeah. I’m sure those feelings of yours have reached Tomoe-chan too.
Marina: She looked so happy when she told me about going to the beach.
Tsugumi: Fufu... If that’s true, it really makes me happy.
Tsugumi: Ah, sorry! You were on break, weren’t you? I’ve been talking your ear off.
Marina: Not at all—thank you for sharing such a lovely story.
Tsugumi: No, thank you for listening. See you next time at band practice!
