2381_Tsugumi Hazawa_R5 Sunset Paints My Cheeks

Skill name: Smiles Shared, Doubts Erased
Gacha phrase: Yeah!! Let's do a special Valentine's!

<Even After the Party>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Sorry to keep you waiting, everyone~. Here are our new chocolatte, and chocolate cake!
Himari: Whoa, that cake looks delicious! And the decorations are so cute~!
Tomoe: The chocolatte sounds great too. This sweet smell... It's a little different from cocoa, and it’s so comforting.
Moca: Getting to eat chocolate even after Valentine’s Day is such a blessing~
Ran: But why new chocolate sweets now?
Tsugumi: Ah... Well... I told my dad about our "Super-Duper Special Valentine’s," and I guess it fired him up, or flipped some weird switch...
Tomoe: Got it. So that’s why we’re doing a tasting today.
Moca: Man, the fact our Valentine’s party ended up creating sweets like this... We did some good work~
Himari: Fufu, seriously! Ahh, it was so fun... That "Super-Duper Special Valentine’s"!
Ran: Yeah... I'm glad we did it.
Tomoe: Let's do it again next time. Like... another totally awesome event!
Himari: Huh, next? What would the next event be... Flower-viewing, maybe?
Tsugumi: We sometimes do flower-viewing with people from other bands, so I can’t wait to see what it’ll be like this year~
Tomoe: And then summer’s gotta be the beach! Beach volleyball, banana boats, and watermelon smashing at a beach hut!
Himari: That sounds like so much fun! A "Super-Duper Special Beach Day," huh!
Moca: Then in fall, we shall have the roasted sweet potato festival, hosted by Moca-chan~. Let's aim for "an ultra-special roasted sweet potato"~~
Ran: No, there's moon-viewing and stuff... There's gotta be more than that...
Tomoe: When you think about it, there really are a ton of events.
Himari: If we keep topping ourselves every time, we might end up with an "ultra-special year"!
Tsugumi: Fufu, yeah. But...
Tsugumi: No matter what the event is, if we're together, I think that alone makes it all special.
Tomoe, Ran, Moca & Himari: ...!
Himari: Waaah, Tsu~gu~!! I love you~!!
Tsugumi: Wah...! Himari-chan! If you cling to me that hard, I can't move~!
Tomoe: Ahaha! Himari, you're making Tsugu's life hard.
Moca: Ah, how wonderful, how wonderful~~. How beautiful it is to be so close~~
Ran: ...Hehe.
Himari: Ah, Ran~!! You just laughed because you saw me crying, didn't you~?!
Ran: N-no, I didn't. It's just... the way Moca said it was weird...
Moca: Ehhh, are you gonna blame Moca-chan for that~? Boo-hoo-hoo~...
Tomoe: Hey, Ran. Don't go making Moca cry~
Ran: No, Moca isn't crying or anything...
Moca: Sniff... So sad... Sob sob sob~...
Ran: Oh, Moca...!
Tsugumi: ...Fufu, whenever we all get together, it always ends up like this.
(Black cut)

[After Some Time]

Tomoe: Ahh, that was so good! Thanks for the meal!
Moca: Moca-chan's satisfied, satisfied~
Ran: Yeah. It was really good. Tell your dad I said so.
Tsugumi: Thanks! I'm sure my dad will be happy to hear that!
Himari: The chocolate cake and chocolat latte were both amazing, so I was super happy... But...
Moca: Oh? Hii-chan, you look down in the dumps.
Himari: Ah... Sorry. I just thought about how Valentine's Day is really over now... and I got a little lonely.
Tomoe: I get it. I was eating my cake thinking, once I finish this, Valentine's Day's finally over, huh.
Tsugumi: U-um... Well...
Ran: Hm? Tsugumi, what's wrong?
Tsugumi: Um... This is kinda hard to say, but... There are still more of the new chocolate sweets my dad made...
Himari: Huh?!
Tsugumi: Yeah... Like an orange-flavored version of the chocolat latte... And chocolate cheesecake, plus some chiffon stuff, too...
Tomoe: Just how much did he make?!
Moca: Tsugu's dad is way too fired up~!
Tsugumi: Y-yeah, I guess he is... Sorry...
Ran: ...Pfft.
Moca, Himari & Tomoe: ...Ahaha!
Tomoe: Alright! Our Valentine's isn't over yet! It's time for Valentine's overtime!
All: Yeah!


<A Cherished Memory>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Phew, nice work! Think that about wraps up the afternoon check-ins. You can go take a break while things are quiet.
Tsugumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello.
Marina: Huh, Tsugumi-chan? Did Afterglow have a reservation today?
Tsugumi: O-oh, no! I’m not here to practice today...
Tsugumi: I came because I wanted to give you two this.
Marina: Huh? This is...
Tsugumi: It’s Valentine’s chocolate.
Marina: You brought this all the way here for us? Thanks!
Tsugumi: No, thank you... You’re always taking care of us.
Marina: Oh, wait a sec.
Tsugumi: ...Huh?
Marina: Here you go. Chocolate from us, too!
Tsugumi: Huh, are you sure?
Marina: Yeah. We’re handing out chocolate to the girls who come by CiRCLE.
Tsugumi: Wow...! I’m so happy. Thank you so much!
Marina: Fufu, I'm glad you liked it.
Marina: Oh, right. Ran-chan and Moca-chan told me about it. They said you all had a huge Valentine’s party with Afterglow this year?
Tsugumi: Yeah, that’s right!
Tsugumi: It all started with something Moca-chan said offhand... She really didn’t mean much by it, I think.
Tsugumi: But then everyone pitched in for real... and it turned into a time I’ll remember for the rest of my life.
Marina: Heeey~, I can totally picture it. Sounds like a blast.
Tsugumi: Yeah, it was so much fun, I’m thinking I’d like to try all sorts of things for other events too.
Marina: I always think this, but you Afterglow girls really are so close.
Tsugumi: Of course we are! We all love Afterglow!
Marina: Fufu, I see. I hope you can keep making lots of precious memories from here on out.
Tsugumi: ...Yeah!
