event122-04 Chapter 3: Surfing Challenge!

Afterglow decides to go surfing. Who will get the hang of it first...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Toconut Park - Surfing Area]

Moca: Oho~. Look at that~. Those waves are pretty high~.
Tsugumi: No kidding...! I wonder if we'll be able to ride them.
Ran: Huh, you can also bodyboard here. Which one should I do?
Tsugumi: Bodyboarding looks fun too. Fufu. Now I don't know which one to try either.
Himari: There are a lot of people waiting in line. Maybe we should've gotten fast passes for this too!
Tomoe: Well, by the looks of it, it should be our turn in about half an hour!
Himari: Ah, in that case, why don't we play shiritori to pass the time?!
Moca: There she goes again~. Hii-chan, you always want to play shiritori at times like this~.
Himari: Oh, come on~! If we've got to wait, it'll be more fun if we do something together, right?!
Tomoe: The game usually just kind of fizzles out, or Himari gets stuck.
Himari: Ugh~! That's because you all throw in words that end with "ru" and "nu"~!
Himari: Anyway, I'm definitely not losing today! Let's play! Just one time, okay?!
Ran: Himari... is way too serious about this...
(Black cut)

[Toconut Park - Surfing Area]

Tsugumi: Huh? Himari-chan, are you taking a break too?
Himari: Yeah. Just trying to balance yourself while you're on a wave is tough.
Ran: Tomoe and Moca are still going at it. I get why Tomoe is doing well, but I didn't think Moca would be good at this.
Tomoe: Woohoo!
Tsugumi: Whoa! She's riding a wave that big?! That's Tomoe-chan for you.
Himari: Ah, do you think she's doing so well because she's in the dance club? She's got good balance!
Ran: Maybe. I'm not sure why... As for Moca...
Moca: Wow~. This is a pretty big wave~.
Tsugumi: Ah, she's amazing! Moca-chan's doing great too!
Ran: She looks like she's having fun. I think I'm going to do bodyboarding next.
Himari: Ah, look! The next wave is huge! It looks like it came straight from the sea!
Tsugumi: I don't think Tomoe-chan can ride that...
Tomoe: Oh, here it comes! Yahoo~! I love surfing~!
Ran: Sh-she rode it like it was nothing... Is this really Tomoe's first time surfing...?
Himari: See? It's like I said! It's got to be because she's in the dance club!
Ran: Why do you think so highly of the dance club...?
Himari: Whoa! Look! Moca's doing amazing too!
Moca: Ah, it's Ran and the others~. Yo~.
Tsugumi: She's waving to us...
Ran: How can Moca bodyboard like that...?
Himari: Sorry, I don't know either...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Toconut Park - Food Court]

Himari: Ah~, I like surfing!
Tsugumi: Me too! By the end, I could stand up on the board a little!
Ran: Moca, you did bodyboarding the whole time. Did you not want to try surfing?
Moca: Nah~, my skills are best suited to bodyboarding~.
Himari: Tomoe, by the end, people were coming up to you to ask for surfing tips...
Tomoe: Yeah. I tried to tell them it was my first time, but nobody would believe me!
Ran: Who would believe you after seeing you surf like that? ... Even I'm still not sure you're telling the truth.
Tomoe: But I am!
Tomoe: ... Ah! Looks like my tonkotsu ramen is ready! I'll be right back!
Ran: Tomoe even eats ramen at a pool... Well, I guess Moca is eating bread too.
Moca: Buns taste different at a place like this~. Don't you know that, Ran-kun?
Ran: Sorry, I don't.
Himari: Okay, now that our bellies are full, where should we go next?
Tsugumi: Ah, I think it's almost time for us to use our fast passes for the water slide!
Tomoe: Oh, finally! Just let me wolf this down real quick!
Tsugumi: We don't have to rush over there this minute. Take your time!
Ran: Are you going to be okay going on a water slide after downing a bowl of tonkotsu ramen...?
