event122-01 Opening: Hot, Hot Summer

Afterglow has been practicing all through the summer break. What will they do for a change of pace...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Moca: Hey~, we came together pretty good just now, didn't we~?
Tsugumi: We did! I feel like that was the best we've synced up so far!
Tomoe: RED RED RED is sounding better too! I can't wait for our show!
Himari: Let's play our set list again! I think we can do even better this time!
Ran: ... Ah, isn't our reservation over?
Himari: What? Already?! Aw~! I wanted to practice just a little longer~!
Moca: We're all pumped up to play. Now what are we gonna do~?
Tomoe: Ahaha. We'll just have to save that energy for our next practice!
Ran: I guess so. When's our next practice?
Tsugumi: The next one is... Ah, it's not for a while. I couldn't reserve a space at any of the studios around here...
Moca: It's summer vacation~. Bands are busy practicing~.
Himari: Well, they're not working harder than us! We've been rehearsing almost every day lately!
Tomoe: Yeah. People's jaws are gonna drop when they hear us at our next show!
Tsugumi: Fufu. You all are so excited to play. Don't worry. From now on, Himari-chan and I will make sure to get reservations so we can practice!
Ran: Thanks, you two. Let's call it a day.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Himari: Boy, is it hot~! The studio was so nice and cool~!
Tomoe: It doesn't feel like summer if it's not this hot out! I love this weather!
Ran: You talking about it is making me feel even hotter...
Tsugumi: Ahaha... We bought ice cream, but it only helped a little.
Moca: I can't wait to take a shower and feel sweet relief~.
Ran: You're good with just a shower? I want someone to dump a bucket of water over my head...
Himari: I know... Ah, guys, that's it!
Ran: Huh? Are you serious about the bucket of water? You probably shouldn't do that...
Himari: Oh, please! I wasn't talking about that!
Himari: Since we're free until our next practice, why don't we go to the beach?! Or the pool?!
Tomoe: I like the sound of that! We've been busting our butts practicing lately!
Tsugumi: Yeah! It's good to do something fun every once in a while!
Ran: I guess it couldn't hurt. Although I prefer the pool.
Moca: Me too~. The beach is too hot~. I'll melt~.
Himari: The pool it is, then! I'm already getting excited about this~!
Tsugumi: If we're going to a pool around here... then we should go to Toconut Park. It's the biggest waterpark around.
Tomoe: Right?! Ako's been there with Roselia.
Moca: The manager at my job gave Lisa tickets~. She said it was fun~.
Ran: ... Ah.
Tsugumi: What is it, Ran-chan?
Himari: D-do you already have plans?
Ran: No, it's not that. I just remembered that I've got tickets for Toconut Park.
Himari: What?!
Ran: One of my dad's students gave them to him yesterday, but I forgot about it.
Himari: Ugh~! You've got to remember things like that~!
Tomoe: Nice! Your dad's student really came through!
Moca: Your dad too~. Oh, wonderful father of Ran, we thank you~.
Ran: That's certainly a mouthful...
Himari: Alright, then let's all send our free days to the group chat later! That goes double for Ran and Moca. Don't forget, okay~?
Ran: Okay, okay.
Moca: C'mon~, when have I ever forgotten anything~?
Tomoe: A bunch of times...
Tsugumi: Ahaha... She's right, you know...
Moca: Let's get ready for some cool pool fun~! Yay~!
Ran: Moca, are you really going to pretend like you weren't called out just now...?
