event122-07 Ending: Summer's Not Over Yet

The match is almost over. Will the Moca-chans be able to claim the victory...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Toconut Park - Event Space]

Moca: Ah, looks like another team is down~.
Tsugumi: There are only us and one other team left... Let's win this for Himari-chan!
Tomoe: Yeah! Himari saved my scoop, so I'm not gonna let that go to waste!
Moca: Hii-chan... As a leader, you had a glorious end...
Ran: So, what's our game plan? There are fewer teams, but we've also lost Himari. I don't think the strategy we've been using will work anymore...
Tsugumi: The staff has been announcing updates for the match, and it sounds like the other team still has all five of its members...
Moca: They're a tough bunch~. No wonder they've made it this far. I think our only option is to go for a surprise attack, don't you?
Tomoe: A surprise attack?
Moca: Yeah. Someone plays the bait and gets their attention. Then while they're distracted, the rest of us pick them off~.
Tomoe: A distraction, huh...? Yeah... We're at a disadvantage, so that might be the best way to do this.
Tsugumi: Okay, then we need someone to be the bait...
Tomoe: I'll do it! I'll take over for Himari!
Moca: Tomo-chin's got great reflexes. It won't matter what the plan is, she could beat the other team all by herself.
Tomoe: Ahaha. I wish. Just have my back when I'm in trouble!
Tsugumi: You got it! Let's do our best!
Ran: Tomoe, don't make this easy for them.
Tomoe: Haha. Of course not!
Moca: Alright, girls, let's do this for Hii-chan~!
Ran, Tomoe & Tsugumi: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Tomoe: Moca, flank to your right! There's one over there!
Moca: Roger~. My sniper gun is ready to spit fire~.
Tsugumi: Ah! They all started attacking over there! Tomoe-chan, be careful!
Tomoe: I've got this! ... Crap! I'm surrounded!
Ran: Wow... She's taking fire from everywhere...
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan has amazing reflexes... She's shooting back while dodging shots of water.
Moca: It's like she's dancing through layers of a rainbow... Dance club is no joke...
Ran: Moca, Tsugumi, we're up! Let's show them what the Moca-chans can do!
Tsugumi: Yeah!
Moca: Ran... You finally called us the Moca-chans...
Ran: N-not now...! Come on, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Train]

Moca: Ah~, today was fun~.
Tsugumi: It sure was! Survival games are incredible!
Moca: Even Ran got into it at the end~.
Ran: Can it, Moca... I'm glad we won, though.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan was so happy!
Ran: Yeah, but I didn't think she'd cry.
Ran: ... Huh? Tomoe and Himari are awfully quiet.
Moca: Shhh. They're sleeping. Looks like today tired our girls out.
Tsugumi: You're right. Well, we were out all day.
Moca: Even though I'm tired, I feel like I could keep going~. It's a weird feeling~.
Ran: ... Ah.
Tsugumi: What is it, Ran-chan? Are you sending someone a message?
Ran: No. Some lyrics came to me. I was just writing them down.
Moca: Really~? Lemme see~.
Ran: Not yet. I'll show you once I've had some time with them.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Ran-chan, you often get ideas for songs after we hang out like this.
Moca: Yeah~. The same thing happened when we went to Inoshima~.
Ran: Really? I don't remember that...
Tsugumi: Whenever we play a song at a show or during practice, I always remember how it was created.
Moca: Ran's songs are like an album of all our best times together~.
Ran: What are you saying? The songs aren't anything special.
Moca: There you go again~. I know you don't mean that~.
Ran: Yeah, yeah.
Tsugumi: We've still got a lot of summer vacation left, so let's keep going places!
Moca: I second that~. We'll have to keep our schedules open~.
Ran: Where should we go next? What about Inoshima? We were just talking about it.
Tomoe: Oh, Inoshima sounds great!
Tsugumi: T-Tomoe-chan! You were awake?!
Himari: We should definitely go! When would be good for everyone?!
Ran: Ah! Himari is up too. Aren't you two tired?
Tomoe: C'mon, I shook it off as soon as I heard you all talking about doing something fun!
Himari: That's right! Don't leave us out~!
Moca: I wanna go to the Bread Grand Prix~. It's a huge event where famous bakeries from all over the country come together~.
Tomoe: We could check out the Ramen Expo too! At the expo, super famous restaurants serve up special new ramen dishes!
Himari: Really? Well, I'd like to go to...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Ahaha. It seems like everyone's still full of energy.
Ran: Yeah, but I guess that's not so bad.
(Black cut)
