event122-05 Chapter 4: Moca-chans, Unite!

The group takes a short break after walking around the various attractions. Where will they decide to go next...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Toconut Park]

Tomoe: Ah~! That last drop was awesome!
Himari: It went by so fast, but it was really fun! I want to ride it one more, no, maybe three more times!
Ran: Himari... The whole way down you kept screaming about how you wanted to get off...
Moca: Tsugu, you were awfully quiet~. I thought you'd be more scared.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I was so scared that I couldn't scream... Ah, but I liked it!
Moca: Ran, you didn't look fazed either. But I bet you were scared, weren't you?
Ran: I-I was fine.
Moca: You say that, but I can see your legs shaking~!
Ran: Th-this has nothing to do with the slide...!
Himari: Actually, this was the first thing we said we wanted to ride, right? Now we've been on everything!
Moca: We sure have~. What should we do now? At night, there's stuff like water shows, right?
Tsugumi: Ah, about that. I was just looking those up. Today, the water shows are canceled for maintenance.
Himari: Awww~! After what Lisa-senpai told me, I was really looking forward to them~!
Tomoe: It's alright! We can see them the next time we come!
Ran: So, what now?
Tsugumi: Ah, how about the event on this sign?
Tomoe: ... Toconut Splash?
Moca: So this is the event being held in the special area~.
Himari: What kind of event is it?
Tsugumi: It's here in the pamphlet. I have one for everyone.
Tomoe: Thanks! Judging by the pictures, this event looks like it's going to be tons of fun!
Moca: Hmm~. It seems like a survival game with water guns~.
Himari: Interesting~. So if someone breaks the thing you wear on your head, then you're out. It kind of looks like the paper net you use for catching goldfish.
Tomoe: It does look like a scoop!
Ran: I guess we don't have to worry about getting dirty, then.
Himari: It says anyone can join in. We should go check this out!
Ran: Okay. Let's head to the event space.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Toconut Park - Event Space]

Moca: Whoa~. This event space is pretty big~.
Tomoe: They put a lot of thought into the stage~. It even has obstacles. Looks like this game will be more serious than I thought!
Himari: Wow. Middle schoolers are playing over there! Good luck~!
Tsugumi: Sorry for the wait! I grabbed us some entry sheets! The game rules are on them.
Ran: Thanks, Tsugumi. Hmm. So it's team matches.
Tomoe: And it's five people to a team! That's perfect! Now we have to do this!
Himari: Yeah~!
Moca: Fufufu~. So the time has come for you to witness my sniper skills~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. I'll go sign us up!
Moca: Oh, I spy a map of the area at the reception~. A sniper needs to know the lay of the land, so I'll go too.
Tsugumi: It looks like you can rent water guns over there. You three should go check them out!
Ran: Alright. We'll get one for you and Moca.
(Black cut)
Himari: Wow, they've got all kinds of water guns you can rent, from little ones to big ones!
Himari: Ah, aren't these tiny water guns cute? They're like the ones girl spies hide on their legs.
Tomoe: Hey, you can't shoot down an opponent with something like that. You've got to go out there blasting with one of these big boys!
Ran: Ah, Tomoe, you're going to use the one you bought, aren't you?
Tomoe: Yeah! I want to play with something I'm used to.
Ran: Wait. You literally just bought that one, didn't you?
Tomoe: So?! The heart wants what the heart wants!
Himari: Hmm~. Which one should I use...? I think this is the most thought I've ever put into choosing a water gun~! Ran, did you pick one already?
Ran: I'm going to pick...
Staff: Will Team Moca-chans please come to the gate of the event space~!
Ran, Tomoe & Himari: ...?
Staff: Once again, Team Moca-chans, please come to the gate~!
Tomoe: That's us, isn't it? Yeah~! The Moca-chans are here!
Ran: ...?! T-Tomoe, wait... You don't have to be so loud...
Himari: Honestly~! Why would they give our team such a weird name~?!
