event122-02 Chapter 1: Everlasting Summer Paradise!

Afterglow arrives at Toconut Park. They begin to plan their day off.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Toconut Park]

Tsugumi: Wow... The park just opened, and it's already this crowded.
Tomoe: Well, I did see on TV that it's going to be really hot today. There was also that long line at the ticket counter when we came in.
Himari: We were really lucky that Ran's dad gave us the tickets!
Moca: Oh, wonderful father of Ran, we are forever in debt~.
Ran: Enough with that, already. This place is packed though. If we're not careful, we might lose each other.
Moca: Hii-chan, if you get lost, go to the information center, okay~?
Himari: Ugh! How old do you think I am~?!
Ran: I could see you getting lost...
Himari: C'mon, you too, Ran?!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Huh? Ran-chan, is that a new swimsuit? It's so cute!
Ran: Th-thanks... Himari and Lisa-san picked it out for me.
Moca: Hii-chan, why didn't you get a new swimsuit too~?
Himari: I looked when I was with Ran, but I didn't see anything I liked better than this one.
Tomoe: That looks good on you. No need to change it up, right?
Moca: Tsugu's is cute too~. That's 'cause I picked it out~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. You suggested swimsuits that I'd never try on by myself. It was really fun shopping together!
Ran: Tomoe, Ako chose yours, didn't she?
Tomoe: Ah, how did you know?! I wasn't sure what would look good on me, so I had Ako help!
Himari: Good ol' Ako-chan. She knew exactly what you'd look nice in!
Himari: Ah! Hey, let's get some pictures! I won't post them online, so you don't need to worry about anyone seeing them, Ran.
Ran: ... Well, I can't say no if you say that.
Tsugumi: Ah, the deckchairs over there are open. Let's put our stuff there and take some pictures!
(Black cut)
Himari: Ehehe. We got a lot of great pictures! Ran, it's okay if I show these to Lisa-senpai, right?
Ran: ... She helped me get this swimsuit, so I guess that's cool.
Moca: Tomo-chin~. There's no sunblock on your back~. You're gonna look like a tiger when you tan~.
Tomoe: Huh? Really?! Where did I miss...? Here?
Tsugumi: Fufu. Tomoe-chan, stay still. I'll put some on your back.
Tomoe: Thanks! I owe you one!
Moca: This place has tons of rides~. Where do you wanna go first~?
Tomoe: I'm definitely going on the water slide! I didn't get a chance to ride it when I came with my family. Ako says it's awesome!
Tsugumi: Fufufu. It's a popular ride, so if we're going on it, we should get fast passes now.
Moca: Ah, I'm eyeing this~. The hot spring pool~.
Himari: You really like those kinds of things, don't you~? Hey, didn't they build a place here this year where you can go surfing?
Tsugumi: Yeah! And the staff will show you how to surf!
Tsugumi: It looks like there are other special areas and events too!
Ran: Really? You know a lot about this park, Tsugumi.
Tsugumi: Actually, I was excited when we decided to come here, so I looked up a bunch of things.
Himari: Aww, Tsugu~! You're such a good girl~!
Tomoe: Ahaha. Sounds like everyone was excited to come here!
Moca: Alright, ladies~, our first stop is picking up fast passes.
All: Yay!
Himari: ... Hey, you should let the leader say that~!
