event122-03 Chapter 2: Toconut Shopping

First, Afterglow heads to the shopping corner. But what is it that catches Himari's eye...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Toconut Park]

Tsugumi: Alright, we've got our fast passes for the water slide. Is everyone okay with me holding on to them?
Moca: Of course~. They're safest with you~.
Ran: Thanks, Tsugumi.
Tomoe: Until it's time to hop on the water slide, let's check out some other stuff! Where should we go first? The lazy river?
Himari: Ah, let's look at the shopping area first! We'll have more fun if we pick up some things!
Tsugumi: Fufu. Let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Toconut Park - Shopping Area]

Moca: Oho~, look at all of this~. Swimsuits, towels, water guns, beach balls... They've got everything~.
Tomoe: Whoa! This is a sweet water gun! It looks like it can hold up to one and a half liters of water!
Ran: Ah~... That's right. You're a big water gun fan.
Tomoe: It's got a range of ten meters, too! Man, this is real nice...
Ran: Are you really gonna buy it...?
Tsugumi: Fufu. It looks like they're checking out the water guns. Was there something you wanted to get, Himari-chan?
Himari: Yes, there's something I'm looking for...
Himari: Ah, found them!
Tsugumi: Sunglasses...? I guess it is really bright today.
Himari: There's that, but a girl we just passed had a pair resting in her hair. She looked so cool!
Himari: So I thought I'd buy some... What do you think? Do they look good on me?
Tsugumi: They do! You look really cool!
Moca: Heh. You two just don't get it~.
Himari: M-Moca?! Were you listening to us?!
Moca: I heard everything~. You know, Hii-chan, cool girls have something else too, but it sounds like you don't know what that is~.
Himari: Huh? Really?! What is it?!
Moca: Fufufu. You'll just have to wait till we get back to our deckchairs to find out~.
Himari: What could it be~?! I'm dying to know!
Tomoe: Hey, so this is where you three were! Check this out! Isn't this the coolest?!
Moca: Oho~, so you bought that water gun, after all.
Ran: I tried to talk her out of it...
Tomoe: C'mon, we're at the pool. You can't have fun at the pool without one of these! And besides, this thing is freaking cool!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... You both wanted to buy something cool, but you ended up with totally different things...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Toconut Park]

Himari: How is it?! Was that a good picture?!
Moca: It's perfect~. Don't doubt the great cameraman Moca-chan~. My photo skills are on point~.
Himari: Whoa! Thank you so much~! Oh, you're right! I look so sophisticated!
Tsugumi: So what we were missing before was this Toconut drink, right?
Moca: That and this deckchair~. Celebrities in other countries are always sitting on deckchairs and sipping drinks like this with their shades on~.
Tomoe: That's right! I've seen scenes like that in movies!
Moca: Yup~. I've always wanted to do something like this~.
Himari: So that's why you were doing all those poses!
Moca: I killed it, didn't I~? My poses weren't as good as Tsugu's, though~.
Tsugumi: Huh?! Were my poses too much...?
Tomoe: You were staring off into the distance. You had this kind of melancholy thing going on. I liked it!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I was just too embarrassed to look at the camera...
Himari: Tomoe's picture came out really nice too. It looks like it belongs with pictures of athletes!
Moca: But of course. Tomo-chin is all about photography~.
Tomoe: I don't think that has anything to do with it. Besides, I like pictures of scenery...
Himari: Ran, you're up next! Sit there!
Ran: Huh? I'm good. This isn't my kind of thing.
Himari: Come on, now. We've all posed for a picture. You should too~!
Moca: Hii-chan, relax. You know Ran's the shy type~.
Ran: N-no, I'm not! Surfing is next, right? Let's go!
Himari: Ah, she ran away!
Tsugumi: R-Ran-chan~! It's not safe to run by the pool~!
