event83-05 Chapter 4: Thanks to Poppin'Party

Arisa and Tae get ready for the party tomorrow. They eventually begin talking about Poppin'Party...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: Come on in.
Tae: Thank you.
Arisa: No one's here today.
Tae: We're finally having the party tomorrow. I'm so excited~.
Arisa: Trying to keep this surprise a secret when I'm talking to Kasumi is... hard work.
Arisa: Anyway, were you able to get it?
Tae: Sure was. It's on this.
Arisa: A flash drive, huh? So we just plug this into the computer, and there should be a video file on it, right?
Tae: Yeah, that's what my coworker said.
Arisa: Okay, so let's connect this thing I borrowed to here and-
Tae: Ah, is that a projector? Watching the show on that is going to be amazing!
Arisa: I know, right?!
Tae: You got that just for tomorrow?
Aria (Arisa): Well... I was talking about this whole surprise thing with someone, and they lent this to me. They said there's no better way to watch it.
Arisa: I was thinking of showing it on a TV, but the person I was talking to said if the others suddenly saw one down here, they'd know something was up. So I borrowed this projector.
Tae: Way to go, Arisa. Kasumi and the others are going to freak out when they see this.
Arisa: That's the plan.
Tae: Let's check out the video.
Arisa: What...? You want to watch it... before everyone else?
Tae: We're not sure if it'll work on that PC. We should check. Even my coworker said we should.
Arisa: I guess... But only for a second! As soon as we see that it's playing, we turn it off. We'll watch the rest when we're all together!
Tae: Fufufu, alright. Let's sneak a peek.
Arisa: Okay, so I just plug this flash drive in and... Hmm~, click on this file...
Tae: Hey, Arisa? I'm really glad we're in Poppin'Party.
Arisa: Huh...? Wh-what are you blabbering about now...?
Tae: You know, I think if it weren't for the band, I wouldn't be surprising friends or having them come over for a slumber party.
Tae: We're all together because of Poppin'Party, and I'm really thankful for that.
Arisa: ...
Tae: Kasumi, Saya, Rimi, you. I love you all. It wouldn't be the same without us five.
Arisa: A-are you alright... O-Tae?
Tae: It was something I felt I needed to say right now.
Arisa: Sigh, jeez... You really do just come out of left field with that kind of stuff.
Arisa: I know what you're trying to say though. Even without your little random emotional outbursts...
Arisa: I'm just like you. Before Poppin'Party, I'd never even stayed the night at a friend's place.
Arisa: The first time I did was when we all were at your house the night before the audition.
Arisa: I was so nervous that night that I kept tossing and turning all over the place. I could barely sleep...
Tae: I know what you mean.
Arisa: What are you talking about? You fell asleep right away.
Tae: I did?
Arisa: Yeah. You passed out as soon as your head hit the pillow. Fufufu.
Arisa: ...
Arisa: You know... I wonder what we'd be like if we didn't have Poppin'Party.
Arisa: I-I don't think I'd be part of the student council. Sigh, but then I wouldn't have to do all that darn work either~.
Arisa: ...
Arisa: ... I probably wouldn't even be going to school...
Arisa: And then I wouldn't be able to eat lunch with you all in the courtyard or hang out and talk after school. I wouldn't have any of that...
Tae: Or throw birthday parties or share special moments together. None of that would exist...
Arisa: Kind of scary... when you think about it like that.
Tae: But...
Tae: Poppin'Party happened.
Arisa: O-Tae...
Tae: Poppin'Party did happen... Right?
Arisa: Yeah. It did...
Arisa: Fufufu, tomorrow's party is going to be so good.
Tae: I hope everyone likes the video.
Arisa: Of course they're going to like the video. ... Huh? Wait...
Tae: What is it?
Arisa: If tomorrow is the anniversary of the day we passed the audition, then that makes today the night we slept over your house.
Tae: Oh, yeah. The anniversary of the first slumber party that Kasumi was talking about!
Arisa: And it just happens that today, I'm with the first friend whose house I spent the night at. This means...
Arisa: Maybe we can celebrate a little right now. Just us.
Tae: Yes!
Arisa: I'm gonna go grab some drinks! Ah, wait! Let's check that video first.
Arisa: I'll say this one more time. As soon as we see it plays, we stop the video! Okay?!
Tae: And the rest we'll watch with the others, right?
