event83-02 Chapter 1: Audition Anniversary

After school, Arisa and Tae enjoy a silly conversation together while heading to Arisa's basement.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Arisa: Sigh, it's finally time to go home... Doing paperwork for the student council is no joke... My shoulders are killing me.
Tae: Well, you're all done now. Heading home?
Arisa: Ah, O-Tae? Are you leaving now too? I had to do some student-council stuff. Why are you still here?
Tae: I was working on an assignment for Home Ec. I'm making a new guitar case.
Arisa: Again? You made one last year too. You know, the one with Kasumi.
Tae: It's been a year, but I'm still no good at sewing. I wonder why.
Arisa: What do you expect? You don't do it often enough.
Tae: I wonder if Kasumi finished hers already.
Arisa: She said she wanted to hurry up and get to band practice, so I figured she was working hard on it. I'm pretty sure she finished it in class.
Arisa: As soon as school was out, she ran off to my place.
Tae: I guess we should get there soon too. It sounds like she's pumped to start practicing.
Arisa: Relax. I'm sure she's busy talking bout the SPACE audition anniversary thing. She's been saying how much she wants to talk about it with everyone ever since you brought it up.
Tae: In that case, I'd like to get there soon. There's a lot I want to say about it.
Arisa: I can't believe you remembered the day of the audition, O-Tae. I mean, I remember when we played the show, but still...
Tae: I was working part-time at SPACE then. I remember my shift and everything.
Arisa: Oh, yeah, that sounds about right.
Arisa: I feel like if I listen hard and actually think about what you're saying, you make a lot of sense. But most of the time I'm completely lost when you're talking.
Tae: Ahahaha, yeah, people say that a lot. Even my coworker told me something like that the other day. Maybe I'm no good at explaining things.
Arisa: I wouldn't worry too much. That's just you. Besides, we're all used to "O-Tae Talk" by now.
Tae: Ah! I left my Home Ec. assignment. Arisa, wait for me. I'll be right back.
Arisa: H-hey... Jeez, that girl's hopeless...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: I'm here.
Kasumi: Ah! Hey, Arisa~! All done with student council?
Tae: I'm here too. I bumped into Arisa at school, so we came together.
Saya: Hey, guys~. O-Tae, did you finish your Home Economics assignment?
Tae: No, I've still got a ways to go, but I'm good for today. I'll pick up where I left off tomorrow.
Rimi: There's still a little time before it's due, so no need to worry. You know, I was just asking when you and Arisa-chan were going to show up.
Kasumi: Yeah, we were sitting around and talking about the audition last year! It's so much fun looking back on it!
Arisa: Hahaha, I knew it. It's so easy to know what Kasumi's thinking.
Kasumi: You won't believe this, but we were talking about having a party to celebrate the first anniversary of us passing the audition! The idea just popped into my head, and I threw it out there...
Arisa: A party?
Kasumi: Passing that audition was a big deal for Poppin'Party, right? That's why we were talking about wanting to celebrate!
Arisa: Why does it feel like we're always coming up with some excuse to have a party?
Arisa: We had a Christmas party and a New Year's party. We even just had Saya's birthday party for goodness' sake.
Kasumi: I know, and the more parties, the better~. When we're together, we just keep making more and more awesome stuff to celebrate.
Saya: Fufu, having more things to celebrate together means we're creating more and more precious memories.
Tae: That's right. The day we passed the audition was a really special time for us.
Rimi: Ohhh... When I think back on that day, my fingers start shaking.
Arisa: It was so nerve-racking. I worried so much I messed up my part...
Kasumi: Yeah, but we did it! It's weird, though... The audition feels like it was both yesterday and a lifetime away.
Saya: Ah, speaking of the audition, didn't we spend the night at O-Tae's house the night before?
Kasumi: Ahhh~, we did, we did~! We were all laid out on futons! We had such a good time~.
Tae: It was a lot of fun. That was the first time I'd had any friends spend the night. I hope we can do that again.
Kasumi: Oh, I'm all on board with that! I usually spend the night at Arisa's place, but I'd love to go to your place more!
Arisa: You all just do whatever the heck you want, don't you?
Kasumi: You know, the day before the anniversary of passing the audition is the anniversary of the first O-Tae slumber party! We should have a party that day too! Whaddaya say?
Arisa: That's way too much partying. We start going down that road, and we'll end up throwing a party for every little thing.
Saya: Fufufu. Let's put the slumber-party anniversary on hold for a minute. Have we decided to have one for passing the audition?
Kasumi: Yeah, that is definitely happening!
Saya: Okay, then we should figure out what exactly we want to do.
Kasumi: For starters, we should have the party here, right?
Arisa: Well, I saw that coming...
Tae: I want to eat lots of good food. And we should play music too.
Kasumi: That sounds awesome! What else? Ah, we should get a cake too!
Rimi: Fufufu, that could work. Maybe I'll ask Himari-chan if she knows a good place.
Kasumi: Arisa, there's nothing you wanna do?
Arisa: Nah, not really... All that stuff you're saying sounds like what we usually do...
Kasumi: That's 'cause Poppin'Party parties are the best~♪ Let's make it a great one like we always do!!
Saya: Yeah!
Arisa: ...
