event83-04 Chapter 3: For a Special Party

Kasumi, Saya, and Rimi are in the basement after arriving early. They all want this party to be special...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Meanwhile...]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Oh, oh, and we've just gotta have bread from Saya's shop! It's not a Poppin'Party party without goodies from the Yamabuki Bakery!
Saya: Fufufu, thanks. My dad's going to get a kick out of hearing that.
Rimi: Ah, that reminds me. I got a message from Himari-chan. She told me about some good cake shops. Look.
Kasumi: Wow, she knows a ton of places! It's gonna be hard choosing where to go.
Saya: Seems like we know what to do about food. What else is there...?
Kasumi: Ah, my mom says we can get pizza! Three of them!
Rimi: Three?! Alright~! O-Tae-chan is going to be happy.
Kasumi: Heh heh~, this is gonna be awesome~♪ We've just gotta wait a few more days, and then we're gonna play music and talk and have fun like always!
Saya: Well, there's one thing...
Kasumi: What's up, Saya?
Saya: I don't know. It sort of feels like we're having the same kind of party we always have. Wasn't Arisa saying something like that last time too?
Kasumi: You think so? But we don't always get pizza.
Saya: True. We have upgraded the food for this party... But passing the audition was a huge deal for us, right?
Rimi: It'd be nice if we could make this party feel a little more special, you know?
Kasumi: More special... Okay. What do you wanna do...?
Saya: Here's an idea, what about a surprise or something?
Saya: For our show last Christmas, Arisa invited CHiSPA. That was so amazing! It gave the event a different feeling.
Kasumi: Ah, I like that! Nice, Saya! That's good, right, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Yeah! That sounds great!
Saya: Fufufu. Before, I was the one who got surprised, but this time, it'd be fun to be the one who gave the surprise.
Saya: Why don't we think of a way to surprise Arisa and O-Tae?
Kasumi: How about this?! We keep the pizzas a secret from them, so when the pizzas show up, Arisa and O-Tae will be super excited!
Saya: Hmm~, sorry... I'm not really feeling that. Let's forget about the pizza for a minute, okay?
Rimi: Uhhh, how about this?! Whisper, whisper, whisper...
Kasumi: Ahhh~, that's it! That's what we're gonna do! Arisa and O-Tae will love it! We'll go to Rimi-rin's house and-
Kasumi: Ah, did you hear the door just now? It might be Arisa! We've gotta keep this a secret!
Arisa: We're here~.
Kasumi: Ahem... O-oh~, hey~. Y-you were at school late today, huh...?
Arisa: Y-yeah. Oh, everyone's here already~.
Tae: Sorry for coming late. I ran into Arisa again at the school gate, so we came together.
Kasumi: Oh, really~? You and Arisa were together today too~.
Kasumi: U-uhhh... Ah, it sure is hot today, isn't it?
Arisa: Y-yeah. It's boiling out there. Haha, hahahaha...
Kasumi: Ahaha, haha, hahaha...
Saya: Rimi-rin... Kasumi's being awkward. Think she'll be able to do it...?
Rimi: Well, Kasumi-chan's not the kind of person who's good at hiding things... But I feel like Arisa-chan's acting strange too...
Kasumi & Arisa: Arisa! Kasumi!
Kasumi & Arisa: ...?!
Arisa: Huh? W-what? Kasumi, if you've got something you want to say then-
Kasumi: Nope! Arisa, wasn't there something you wanted to talk about?
Arisa: I-I didn't really have anything important to say... Hey, we're throwing a party for the anniversary of our audition, right?
Kasumi: ...?!
Arisa: Wh-why did you look so surprised just now?
Kasumi: Who? Me? I didn't look surprised. Not one bit. Rimi-rin~, I didn't look surprised, right~?
Rimi: Wh-why are you asking me?! N-no... I-I don't think you looked surprised.
Kasumi: See, Arisa~? Stop saying weird stuff, okay~? Now, what were you saying about the party?
Arisa: You know~, I've been thinking about it since we first brought it up, and... I think I'm okay with having a party like we always do~.
Arisa: They're really fun, aren't they? So we don't have to go out of our way to do anything special...
Kasumi: No way! I was just thinking the same thing! Our usual parties are the best~.
Arisa: Right, what we usually do is perfect!
Kasumi: I think so too! Crazy, it's like you and I share the same mind~. Ahahahaha...
Arisa: Feels that way~, hahahaha...
