event83-03 Chapter 2: Secret Plans

Arisa and Tae end up going home together again, and Arisa consults Tae about the party.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Arisa: I can't believe I was stuck at school this late again... I've just got to make it till summer vacation.
Tae: Hey, Arisa. Did you have student council again?
Arisa: Yeah. You were working on that thing from Home Ec., weren't you?
Tae: Yeah, but I'm almost done. I think I'll have it ready for our audition-anniversary party this weekend.
Arisa: Really? That's good.
Tae: I can't wait!
Arisa: Y-yeah... Should be fun.
Tae: Huh? You aren't excited?
Arisa: No, of course I'm excited. It's just...
Tae: What?
Arisa: It kind of feels like another one of our usual parties...
Arisa: The day we passed that audition was really special, right? For me, for Poppin'Party, that was one heck of a day...
Arisa: So I've been thinking. I don't want to have another one of our same ol' parties to celebrate something so important...
Tae: You want to do something different...? Like what?
Arisa: If I knew that, I wouldn't be stressing over it right now. Can you think of anything? Maybe getting a surprise for everyone would be cool.
Tae: Hmm~... I can't think of a thing.
Arisa: Did you really think about it? How about you give that another try?
Tae: Arisa, you really love Poppin'Party, don't you?
Arisa: What?! Wh-why are you asking me that?!
Tae: You're trying to think of a way to make the party more fun because you really want everyone to have a good time, don't you?
Arisa: I-I wouldn't say all that... I just thought doing the same thing wouldn't be right...
Tae: I know what you mean. I feel the same way.
Arisa: Huh...? Really?
Tae: Yeah. Everyone in Poppin'Party is really special to me. We hang out and do stuff. You all are my best friends. I get why you want everyone to have a good time.
Tae: You know, before I joined the band, I didn't really have any fri-
Arisa: Alright, alright, I get it! Jeez, I didn't ask to hear your life story!
Tae: Being in a band is amazing. And because of it, I've got so many friends now.
Arisa: Wait, O-Tae, weren't you friends with that person from RAS...? Layer? You knew them before you joined the band...
Tae: I hadn't seen Rei for a long time. When I think about it, our band was the whole reason I even met up with her again.
Arisa: Okay... What about the people from SPACE? Do you still talk to them? They're... your friends, right?
Tae: Yeah, they're my friends! Sometimes I message my old coworkers. They've all moved on now, but every once in a while, we hang out.
Arisa: Really~? That sounds nice.
Tae: Some of them are working at different live houses. Others are doing completely different work. But when we meet up, we always talk about our time at SPACE.
Tae: Even now, they all still love the place. I do too.
Arisa: I'm really happy we could play the last show there. It's all because we passed that audition a year ago...
Tae: Ah, that reminds me. They were telling me that the last time they met up, they watched a video of that show. I had to do something that day, so I couldn't go.
Arisa: What...? There's a video... of the show...?!
Tae: Yeah. One of them recorded it. I'd heard that the owner normally wouldn't let anyone record, but seeing how that was going to be SPACE's last one, my coworkers begged for permission
Arisa: O-Tae, that's it! We'll do that!
Tae: Huh? Do what?
Arisa: Use the video of the last show! The others would lose their minds if we played that during the party!
Tae: Ah... You're right! I'd like to watch it too, seeing as how I couldn't before.
Arisa: Right?! Seeing that would get Kasumi and the others screaming like crazy! Is there any way you can borrow that video?
Tae: I can try. I'll ask.
Arisa: Thanks! Ah, let's keep this a secret though, okay?
Tae: Huh? Why?
Arisa: Because it'll be more fun that way! If we surprise everyone with it during the party, they'll freak out!
Tae: Ah, okay. You know, it's just like you to try so hard for Poppin'Party.
Arisa: It's not like that... I just think if we're going to celebrate something special, then we should do something special.
Tae: Sure. Consider this our little secret.
Arisa: It better be. We're going to be practicing with everyone in the basement soon!
Tae: Roger that. Give me a sec. I'm gonna message my coworker about the video.
