event83-01 Opening: One More Hour...

The five girls, each with a bento, eating together as usual. However, Tae seems especially happy today...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Arisa~! Over here!
Arisa: Sorry I'm late. I had to do some student-council stuff. Phew~, it's so hot today~.
Saya: Yeah, it feels like summer already. I think I'm gonna start sweating just sitting here.
Rimi: Here's some sunblock, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Oh, thanks. You know what? Today is too hot to be putting on sunblock and trying to eat in the courtyard. Why don't we eat in a classroom?
Tae: I like having my bento outside. Eating in the open under the clouds just feels right.
Kasumi: I wanna eat outside too! It's hot, but we've got so much more space to relax here.
Arisa: I get where you're coming from, I really do, but the sunshine today is lethal...
Rimi: Summer came fast, didn't it? I still feel like just the other day we became second-year high school students.
Saya: It does feel that way. And is it just me, or do classes seem a whole lot harder than when we were first-year students?
Kasumi: No, they so are! Classical Chinese Lit. is killing me~. What are those things called? Return marks? Isn't trying to follow them the hardest thing ever?
Tae: Yeah, but you can read guitar notes. I don't think the Chinese Literature teacher can do that.
Kasumi: H-hey, that's right...! I can read guitar notes! Shoot, if I can do that, then I don't need to-
Arisa: Not so fast, missy. You still need to learn to read Chinese.
Saya: Fufufu, how about we start eating lunch? If we keep talking, lunchtime is going to be over.
Kasumi: Good point! Come on, let's eat!
All: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Tae: Sigh, that was good. So like I was saying, my coworker-
Arisa: Hey, wait a sec, would you? I'm still eating.
Tae: Well, just listen, then. So my coworker...
Rimi: Fufufu, I don't know why, but O-Tae-chan seems to be in a really good mood today.
Saya: She does. Didn't she finish her bento quickly too...? Maybe it's just my imagination.
Kasumi: Hey, I bet it's because we've been playing more gigs lately. It's got her feeling good. I'm feeling it too. Every day feels freaking awesome♪
Saya: Speaking of gigs, we need to get ready for the next one. We have rehearsal in Arisa's basement after school today.
Arisa: Ah, Kasumi, you forgot your Chinese Lit. book yesterday at my place when you left practice, didn't you? I brought it for you. I'll give it to you later.
Kasumi: What? I forgot it?! We do have Chinese Lit. later, don't we?! Thanks~, Arisa~. See, that's why I should always have you around~.
Arisa: H-huh?! What's that supposed to mean?!
Tae: Arisa, you know it's alright to let it show when someone makes you happy.
Arisa: Shut it, you!
Tae: I'm really excited. We've only got one more week till it's time~.
Kasumi: Huh...? One week... till it's time for what? There's something happening next week? Oh no! Sorry, did I forget something important?
Rimi: I don't remember anything special coming up either... How about you, Saya-chan?
Saya: I... I can't think of anything.
Arisa: Kasumi's birthday isn't until the fourteenth of July, so we've still got a little time before that, right? That means-
Kasumi: Wow, Arisa! You remembered my birthday~! I definitely need to have you around all the time~.
Arisa: I still don't know what that means!
Kasumi: Let's see, Arisa, your birthday's the twenty-seventh of October, right? Saya's is on May nineteenth, O-Tae's is on December fourth, and Rimi-rin's is on March twenty-third! ... Am I right?
Arisa: No need to show off now...
Kasumi: Ah, wow! Arisa, you're a Scorpio, aren't you? They say Scorpios and Cancers get along super well! Did you know that? And I'm a Cancer!
Arisa: Like I care about that! A-anyway, O-Tae, what the heck is happening a week from now?
Saya: Is it Oddie's birthday?
Tae: Bzzzt. Try again.
Rimi: Is it your mom's birthday?
Tae: Wrong. It's not a birthday.
Kasumi: Can we get a hint? Please?!
Arisa: When did this turn into a game show...? Listen, if no one's guessed so far, then it probably means it's nothing important.
Saya: O-Tae, what is it?
Tae: Oh, the answer is... It'll be the first anniversary of us passing the SPACE audition.
All: ...
Kasumi: The SPACE...
Arisa: Audition...
Kasumi: Th-that's right... Now that you mention it... It has almost been a year...
Rimi: I remember the day we played a show at SPACE, but not the day we passed the audition...
Saya: O-Tae, you remembered the date...
Arisa: H-hey, O-Tae... Why do you have to just drop this sort of thing on us? I wasn't ready. I don't know how to take this.
Kasumi: Ah! Afternoon classes are gonna start any minute! Let's talk about this after school, okay?!
