event83-07 Ending: Steadfast Sentiments

The girls excitedly talk about their concert while watching the video. Just when they thought it was over, the video keeps playing...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Oh my gosh! Look, look! It's us.
Rimi: Wow~. I'm getting goosebumps~.
Tae: I'll never forget those outfits.
Saya: I remember now. Not only did my parents come, but my siblings Jun and Sana came too.
Arisa: My grandma came.
Kasumi: Ah, I think the show's starting! Hey, let's shout our name at the same time as in the video! Ready?
All: We are Poppin'Party!!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Sigh, that was the coolest thing ever...
Rimi: Yeah...! I never would have thought there was a video of that show!
Saya: Arisa, O-Tae... Thank you so much. We planned a surprise for you two, but I feel like we were the ones who got surprised...
Arisa: It just happened that O-Tae remembered there was a video.
Tae: Yeah, but it was Arisa who thought you all would like to see it.
Kasumi: Oh, I am so happy I could see that! Why wouldn't I be?! I can feel all that energy and excitement from the show again.
Kasumi: While we were watching the video, it reminded me of our chant. It started at that show, didn't it?
Saya: Yeah, it did! We were standing on the side of the stage waiting to go out when, out of nowhere, O-Tae said it! Fufufu♪
Tae: Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa!
Arisa: I can't believe you came up with that when we were so nervous.
Rimi: Thanks to that, we were able to loosen up a little.
Kasumi: Ah! We gave that show everything we had, but looking at it now, we were still just figuring things out!
Rimi: I know~! I could hear places where we were off!
Saya: Fufufu. If you can tell that, then it means we've come a long way over the year.
Arisa: Of course we have. We've been putting in a lot of effort this whole time.
Tae: It's not like one of our Home Ec. assignments. We've been practicing almost every day. And, together, we've gotten better.
Kasumi: Sigh, it was really cool seeing that video~. I'm a little jealous, though. The surprise you two came up with was on a totally different level~...
Arisa: Hahahaha. This wasn't a contest. And I definitely didn't see these wristbands coming.
Saya: You know... That kind of sounds like something the winner might say.
Arisa: R-really? I think the video's almost over. I'll stop it here-
Tae: Huh? Wait. Something's starting.
Arisa: Huh? You're right... What is that?
Rimi: Huh? You didn't know about this?
Arisa: No, not at all... Hm? Isn't that... the dressing room at SPACE?
Saya: This is... everybody hanging out after the show, isn't it?!
Saya: Come to think of it, didn't someone come to the dressing room with a camera afterward?
Kasumi: Ah! They did! And we told them what it was like and what we were feeling, right?
Rimi: Now that you mention it, I think I remember that... I must have forgotten. That performance had my head in the clouds.
Arisa: Hey, there's Kasumi! Do you remember what you said?!
Kasumi: Not a bit! I don't even remember being filmed!
Tae: Look closely, you guys. Here's Kasumi from a year ago!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Huh? How do I feel about the show?! It was freaking amazing!
Kasumi: I just had the best show ever with my best friends ever at the best live house ever! I just want to thank the owner. Thank you so much~!
Kasumi: I'll never forget today! It's always gonna hold a special place in my heart!
Kasumi: We five are Poppin'Party! And I couldn't be happier!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Did I really say that?! I can't remember it at all~.
Arisa: Yesterday, O-Tae and I were saying the exact same thing... We really are always thinking the same thing, aren't we...?
Kasumi: Huh? What did you say?
Arisa: N-never mind. It was nothing.
Saya: Fufufu. We may have planned surprises for each other, but this video was huge.
Tae: I know, right? Kasumi from a year ago said that the day of the show was always going to be special to her... You all want to have a party for that too?
Arisa: Oh, no! That's way too many!
Kasumi: What?! No, we should totally have one!
Tae: Yeah! I wanna have one too!
Arisa: We had a pre-party here yesterday.
Rimi: Huh? A pre-party?
Kasumi: Say what now?! You didn't tell us anything about having a pre-party!
Tae: Yesterday, Arisa and I celebrated the anniversary of the first slumber party.
Arisa: H-hey, O-Tae!!
Saya: R-really...? Now that's the real surprise...
Arisa: You had to have been there. It just kind of happened...
Kasumi: What?! No fair~! Arisa~, O-Tae~, I thought we weren't gonna celebrate that~!!
(White cut)
