event94-01 Opening: Losing Sight of You

Ran takes a break from the band to focus on a flower arranging exhibition. Moca is moved by her friend's passion...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Himari: Okay, guys! Time to decide our upcoming rehearsal dates!
Moca: Yeah, too bad Ran forgot to update her schedule again~. Moca-sensei even took the time to teach her how to update it~.
Ran: Ah, I can explain...
Tsugumi: What happened? Did your phone break or something?
Ran: No. You see, I've decided to take part in a flower arranging exhibition.
Moca: ...!
Ran: Starting next week, I want to focus on my entry for that... so I'd like to ask for some time off from the band.
Tomoe: An exhibition~! Ran, that's awesome! I'm behind you all the way!
Tsugumi: Me too! I say go for it! I hope you'll let us come see your art.
Himari: Ran, did you not update your schedule so you could tell us this in person?
Ran: I guess you could say that. Trying to explain it through text would be a pain. Something important like this should be said face-to-face, I figured.
Himari: Awww~! Ran, you're growing up so fast~!
Ran: Knock it off. Anyway, sorry for all the trouble, but I can't practice with you guys for a while. I'll get in touch once I'm done.
Tomoe: Roger that! Go do your thing, Ran!
Moca: Good luck, Ran~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Several Days Later]

[Studio]

Himari: ... Alright! Our time is almost up. Let's stop here for today.
Tomoe: Good job, guys.
Moca: Bravo~.
Tsugumi: I wonder what Ran-chan is up to.
Himari: Probably making a grumpy face while working on her piece. Maybe something like this. "Harrumph..."
Tomoe: Hahaha. You totally nailed it.
Moca: (I told myself I'd catch up to Ran.)
Moca: (And if I couldn't, I would at least never lose sight of her. But now...)
Moca: ...
Ran: Nice work, everyone.
Moca: ...! Ran, what are you doing here~?
Ran: I figured practice would be over by now, so I decided to pop in.
Moca: Awww, poor Ran was feeling lonely~.
Ran: Shut up.
Tomoe: Ran, it's nice to see you!
Tsugumi: Now that you're here, Ran-chan, why don't we go out and grab a bite to eat? I want to hear about your flower arrangement!
Ran: Sure, works for me. I want to hear how you guys are doing too.
Moca: We're the same as always, though~.
Himari: Fufu. Okay, let's head out!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Tomoe: Whoa~. So they're only letting young people take part in that event, then.
Ran: Right. I think most of the participants are in their teens and early twenties.
Himari: Are there any prizes up for grabs?
Ran: Not this time, no. It's just a chance to show off our art to others.
Tsugumi: Now you have me excited. I can't wait to go and see what you've made, Ran-chan.
Himari: Same! Right, Moca?
Moca: But of course~. Sad to say that flowers are beyond my scope of expertise, though~. I hope I can understand it all.
Tomoe: Me too. I mean, we know bits and pieces thanks to you, Ran, but I don't really know how I'm supposed to look at a flower arrangement.
Ran: Just look at it however you like. I want to make something that can appeal to anyone, no matter who they are.
Himari: Whoa...! Ran, you're so cool! A true flower arranging artist, for sure!
Moca: (No matter who they are, huh...? I wonder if that applies to even a girl like me. Someone desperately trying to not lose sight of her friend.)
Ran: Don't tease me like that.
Himari: I'm being serious here~! What you said really was amazing. Nothing makes me happier than seeing you take on flower arranging.
Tomoe: Yeah, I agree. Seeing you hard at work motivates the rest of us to give band practice our all.
Ran: Don't slack off just because I'm not there.
Tomoe: Who said anything about slacking off~?!
Tsugumi: Hahaha...
Moca: (Will I be able to appreciate what Ran made?)
Moca: (I feel like it'll only prove how far apart we are. Seeing how much work she's put into it would just...)
Moca: ...
Moca: Well, I can't wait to see Ran-chan's latest masterpiece~.
