event94-07 Ending: Looking Up to the Same Sky

At long last, Ran rejoins her bandmates at the studio. Moca gives a response that is far from her usual self.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Several Days Later]

[Studio]

Tomoe: Ran, good work on the exhibition! Glad to have you back.
Ran: Thanks. Now that I'm back, I'd like to get back on stage.
Himari: Nice idea~! Let's plan our next show after we're done!
Moca: Members of this reborn Afterglow, I have an important announcement~.
Tsugumi: What is it, Moca-chan?
Moca: Ta-dah~. The genius mind of Moca Aoba-sensei presents a gift ten years in the making... Behold my completed creation~.
Tomoe: Creation...? Moca, did you write your own song?
Moca: Bingo~. I was so picky over the details that it took a whole decade to finish~.
Ran: Wait, you wrote the lyrics and everything?
Moca: Uh-huh~. My impressive language skills are on full display here~.
Ran: You know, Moca, this isn't exactly the "same as always."
Moca: Hey, cut me some slack~. Hurry and come check out what I wrote~.
Himari: Let's see... It's nothing like what Ran makes, but it has that same Afterglow feel!
Tomoe: I can't quite put my finger on it, but it's got major Moca vibes.
Tsugumi: Your word choices give off a real sense of happiness.
Moca: Hehehe~. Flattery will get you everywhere~.
Ran: Not bad. I'd like to give singing these lyrics a try.
Himari: Is it just me, or do these lyrics seem like they're about Afterglow from Moca's perspective? That's the feeling I get!
Moca: Yup, that's exactly right~.
Moca: Oh, that reminds me. I've decided to stop trying to catch up to Ran~.
Tsugumi: Huh?! What do you mean?
Moca: Then again, maybe I was never doing that in the first place~. But either way, I'm going to walk my own path. I guess you could say I want to treasure everything I see.
Moca: But don't worry. My path still lets me keep a close eye on Ran and the rest of you guys.
Tomoe: Moca... Did you decide all of this on your own?
Moca: Sure did. I finally found my cool side. Hehehe~.
Tomoe: Yeah... I think you did, Moca. As cool as they come.
Moca: Wearing myself out to match someone else's pace... That's not my "same as always."
Moca: Trying to be something I'm not wouldn't be good for me or for anyone else.
Himari: Hey, Moca. Why don't you try making more songs in the future?
Moca: Huh~? Why~?
Himari: I mean, the lyrics you've got here are amazing, and seeing you make music means we won't lose sight of you either!
Himari: Besides, I'd love to get a better glimpse into the world that you see.
Moca: ... Hii-chan...
Ran: Yeah, that sounds good to me.
Moca: Goodness~, how can I refuse? However, the brilliant mind of Moca-chan-sensei is very particular, so it may be another ten years before my next single hits shelves~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. I think we can wait that long, Moca-chan!
Himari: Alright~! I say we get back on stage together as soon as possible. Oh, and I vote that we use this song in our next performance!
Ran: Sounds good. Why not close the show with it?
Moca: Whoa~, are you sure you wanna give my song such a big spot right away~? You flatter me~.
Tomoe: We'll just have to make it into the perfect song before then!
Tsugumi: Yeah!
Moca: Hii-chan-kun, put more oomph into that bass! Ran-kun, raise your voice!
Ran: Uh... Who are you supposed to be?
Moca: Moca-chan-sensei, world's greatest composer, of course.
Himari: Jeez, we haven't even started playing yet~!
Tomoe: Hahaha. Let's get started, you guys!
Moca: Hehe~. Okay~.
(Black cut)
