event94-06 Chapter 5: You Were By My Side

On their way home from the exhibition, Ran expresses how grateful she is to have Moca by her side.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Riverside]

Tomoe: Alright, we're heading this way! Later, Ran!
Ran: Yeah, see you.
Himari: I'll upload the photos to our album later. Bye-bye!
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, Moca-chan, see you later!
Moca: Bye-bye.
Ran: ... Thanks for coming today, Moca.
Moca: Sure. I'm glad I got to see it.
Ran: Tsugumi filled me in. I heard you've been a little down lately?
Moca: Oh~? Is that how I seemed~?
Ran: I take it you're the same as always, then?
Moca: Pretty much.
Ran: ... Alright. I won't ask.
Ran: If that's the case, then I'll be my same-as-always self too. End of discussion.
Moca: Uh-huh. Topic closed.
Moca: ... Sorry for forgetting about the sasanqua.
Ran: You should be. That flower means a lot to me, you know.
Ran: I can't believe I was the only one who felt that way.
Moca: Ran... You remembered when no one else did. Thank you.
Moca: I'm... glad I called out to you that day.
Ran: Remember how we said it must have been fate that we all met that day...? I really do believe that.
Ran: Everyone was saying that we would've eventually met, if not that day, then some other time, but...
Ran: If we had met some other way, I doubt I would care about flower arranging as much as I do now.
Moca: That's it~?
Ran: Is there more?
Moca: We probably wouldn't have formed a band, and you wouldn't have that red hair highlight of yours. You probably wouldn't be as strong as you are now either.
Ran: Probably.
Moca: If so, then I'm glad I met this Ran~.
Ran: ... Moca. Thank you for everything you've ever done for me.
Moca: Huh...? What was that about~?
Ran: You approached me at the park when we were kids, and we even skipped class together. You stuck it out with me through thick and thin...
Ran: You went with me to check on Tsugumi when she wasn't feeling well and argued with me even though you hate drama...
Moca: Ran... That's enough. You don't have to say anymore...
Ran: When I was having trouble getting everyone to understand my lyrics, you're the one who reached out to me.
Ran: You've always been there for me, Moca.
Ran: Let's see, what else...?
Moca: Alright, I think we can stop...
Ran: That time we snuck into school for Himari's textbook... Oh wait, you kept messing with me. Hey, didn't you wake me up to go on the Inoshima trip? You even share your homework sometimes.
Ran: ... Having you around became the norm, and it meant I stopped worrying so much. But it didn't just, you know, happen. You brought that peace of mind to me.
Moca: ...
Moca: (I was scared Ran was leaving me behind for so long. I thought focusing on never losing sight of her meant I couldn't help her anymore.)
Moca: (But... I was wrong.)
Moca: Ran, I'm going to stop trying to catch up to you.
Moca: ... I assumed that was something I had to do, but now I realize I don't.
Ran: Sounds good to me. That's the Moca I know best. The one who does what she wants, when she wants.
Moca: Ow, cheap shot. You make me sound like a spoiled brat~.
Ran: It's that attitude that got you to call out to me while you were running a certain pretend bakery.
Ran: Just like there are some things only I notice, I'm sure there are things only you notice as well.
Moca: ...
Moca: I'll start viewing life through my own lenses, then. If I can manage that, it'll be best for you, the others... and myself.
Moca: Wow, I'm such a sap when it comes to my friends. Look, I'm crying~.
Ran: Haha. You sure are. That's the Moca I know.
Moca: All this serious talk has made me hungry~. I'll need to fill up on ten times the buns to recover~.
Ran: Yeah, that was enough heavy stuff to last a lifetime. I'm beat.
Moca: Then let's never discuss it again. Case closed. No more hunger pains that way.
Ran: Huh? Are you being serious?
Moca: I'm here, and so are you. Just knowing that is enough, don't you think~?
Ran: Yeah, you have a point. Thanks. Looking forward to our future.
Moca: Yeah, me too~.
Moca: Uh-oh, looks like we can understand each other without saying anything. Didn't Ako-chin mention something like that~?
Ran: Yeah, yeah. Whatever.
Moca: ... 'Looking forward to our future', huh? That's good, because there's still one more thing I wanna do~.
Ran: What is it?
Moca: Not telling~.
