event94-02 Chapter 1: That's Why I...

Moca insists she's fine, but Himari can tell something is wrong. What could it be...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Several Days Later]

[After School]

Moca: Hey, hey~. Wanna stop somewhere on the way home~?
Tomoe: What, again? Didn't we do that after practice yesterday?
Moca: My cravings have been going nuts all week~. We've got nothing on our plate today, so what's the problem~?
Ran: I want to focus on my flower arrangement, so I'll pass. Maybe we can go together after the exhibition.
Himari: Okay... Take care, Ran! It may be just us, but let's get something to eat.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Tomoe: And then Ako was all...
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan, look at the time! We'd better get going.
Tomoe: Whoa, my bad. I can't believe I went on for this long.
Moca: Say, that reminds me. Can we stop by Yamabuki Bakery on the way back? My bun supply is running dangerously low~.
Himari: Fufu. Alright, a quick stop by the bakery, then!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Moca: Mmm~. The bread loaves smell so good, but this melon bread is calling out to me too~.
Moca: Hii-chan, which one would you get~?
Himari: Jeez, Moca~. That's way too much bread, even for you~.
Tsugumi: Looks like they'll be closing soon. Hurry, Moca-chan!
Moca: Hmm~... I'll get both, then~. Time to pay up~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Sorry for the wait~.
Tsugumi: Welcome back! Well, Tomoe-chan and I are heading this way. See you tomorrow!
Moca: ... Ah, that reminds me. Did you all finish your homework for tomorrow?
Tomoe: Hm? Did we have something due tomorrow?
Himari: The due date is later this week, isn't it?
Moca: Huh? Oh, okay. Never mind~.
Tomoe: ...?
Tsugumi: It does covers subjects that I'm not too good at, so I had better knock it out right away. Thank you for reminding me, Moca-chan.
Moca: Don't mention it~.
Tsugumi: Alright, see you tomorrow!
Tomoe: Later~!
Moca: Okay~. See ya~.
Himari: Moca, it's not like you to forget when our homework is due.
Moca: Oh my, really~?
Himari: Moca! You're hiding something, aren't you?
Moca: My, oh my. Innocent little me would never do such a thing~.
Himari: There you go again~! Is something bothering you? I'd be more than happy to help out.
Moca: Thanks, but I'm just peachy keen~.
Himari: You can't fool me, Moca~! You're acting weird!
Himari: ... Ah! Sorry, I'm worried about you, is all...
Moca: Huh? What do you mean?
Himari: You don't seem like your usual self. I though you might be trying to carry some kind of burden for our sake...
Himari: Back when Ran was focusing on her flower arranging, I accidentally hurt her feelings by saying that she had changed...
Moca: ...
Himari: But never mind that...! Moca, if you're trying to do something for our sakes, then you should tell me! I don't want you struggling on your own!
Moca: Hii-chan, maybe you should focus on the homework due later this week instea-
Himari: Argh~! Come on! Sorry, but I just have to be there for my friends! I'm not going home until you tell me what's going on~!
Himari: Wh-which means my homework will never get done! You're way more important to me, after all~!
Moca: ...
Himari: There's nothing more important to you than Afterglow, right? Ah...! Aside from buns, that is.
Moca: ... Pfft!
Moca: Hahaha~. Thanks, Hii-chan. Here, you can have this.
Himari: Is this... one of the buns you bought earlier?
Moca: Yep. The one I was looking forward to the most~.
Himari: ... Moca, come talk to me when you're ready, okay? I really am worried about you.
Moca: Thank you. Having a friend like you around makes me as happy as can be~.
Himari: Ugh, there you go dodging the issue again. Oh well, at least it seems like you're somewhat back to your old self.
Himari: Sorry to keep you here for so long. See you tomorrow! I'll save this bun for breakfast.
Moca: Go for it. Bye-bye, Hii-chan~.
Moca: ... Back to my old self, huh...?
Moca: (Hii-chan, I'm not like Ran, you know. Being considerate of everyone isn't in my playbook.)
Moca: (I'm too self-centered to ask for everyone's help. It's beyond me.)
Moca: (So I'll just act like I'm the same as always. As much as I can anyway.)
Moca: ...
