event94-04 Chapter 3: Because It's the Same as Always

Tsugumi stumbles upon Ran by chance. How will she react when told about Moca...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Tsugumi: Let's see... Eggs, milk... and fall flowers to decorate the shop? I swear, Mom will ask for whatever pops in her head.
Tsugumi: (Fall flowers, huh? You know, I think it's been an entire year since Ran-chan taught us about great burnets.)
Tsugumi: (That takes me back. Ran-chan said she really likes that flower, but now... it means a lot to me too.)
Ran: Oh. Hey, Tsugumi.
Tsugumi: Ah! Ran-chan! I was just thinking about you~!
Ran: Huh...? Don't say it like that. It's embarrassing.
Tsugumi: Ah... Sorry. I was just thinking about how a whole year has gone by since you first taught me about great burnets.
Ran: I see... So it's already been a year since then.
Tsugumi: You're even more dedicated to flower arranging than you were in the past. Now you're even putting your own work on display.
Ran: Things were so different a year ago. The way I approach my flower arrangements is nothing like it used to be.
Tsugumi: How's your piece coming along? Everything going smoothly?
Ran: Yeah, don't worry. I'm just taking a break. Sounds like practice is the same as always too.
Tsugumi: Yeah, the same as always... I guess.
Ran: Hey... Is something up?
Tsugumi: Well... Moca-chan was...
(Black cut)
Ran: I see. I didn't even notice.
Ran: Moca was passing me notes in class and sending me weird texts like usual yesterday, so I didn't get the impression that she was sad or anything...
Tsugumi: Yeah... It's hard to explain, but she's acting a little different from her usual self.
Ran: Her usual self, huh...? What would that be?
Tsugumi: Someone who does things at their own pace... and really, really likes buns. But deep down, her friends mean everything to her... That fits her pretty well, wouldn't you say?
Ran: Yeah, I can agree with that. Let's not forget that she avoids any kind of serious conversation or talking about herself.
Ran: And if you push the subject, she calls you an "idiot".
Tsugumi: Fufu... That nurse really gave you guys a hard time when you fought at the hospital.
Ran: ... The way I see it, if Moca wants to go on acting the same as always, then I want to do the same and keep being her best friend.
Ran: Having the same old pointless conversations, going to the same band rehearsals, and making the same bakery stops...
Tsugumi: But...! Don't you think we should ask her what's wrong? She is definitely going through a rough patch right now.
Ran: If she wants to keep it to herself, I think we should respect that.
Ran: Moca may be going through something, but... If she's acting the same as always, that probably means Moca wants to stay her usual self.
Ran: Moca's always been by my side... So it's only fair that I do the same for her.
Ran: If she doesn't want to talk about her feelings, then I don't think we should push the issue. If anything, I want to respect her wish to keep things as they are.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan...
Ran: I hope that doesn't sound messed up. It's not that I'm trying to avoid the problem. This is just my way of caring for her... if that makes sense.
Tsugumi: No, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I understand what you're trying to say.
Tsugumi: I do have one favor to ask, though.
Ran: What?
Tsugumi: Could you please tell her exactly what you told me...? She's been by your side this whole time, after all.
Tsugumi: Saying absolutely nothing and going on like normal doesn't feel right.
Ran: Alright, I will. I'll go with "Thanks for always being there..."
Ran: ... Ugh, how embarrassing. I'm already blushing from saying it just now.
Tsugumi: But it is something that needs to be said.
Ran: Why does talking to you always make things easier to come to grips with?
Tsugumi: D-does it?
Ran: Pretty much. No one gets the ball rolling better than you.
Tsugumi: That's not true at all~!
Ran: Thanks, Tsugumi. I hope you're looking forward to my exhibition.
Tsugumi: I am!
Tsugumi: I'll... contact Moca-chan and get her to go see it with us. We should all be together for this.
Tsugumi: That is the best way I can help right now!
Ran: Yeah. That's right up your alley.
Ran: (Moca has always been there for me, and I took it for granted.)
