event94-03 Chapter 2: But I...

Tomoe and the others are worried by Moca's strange behavior, prompting an investigation.

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Next Day]

[After School]

Himari: Tsugu~! Tomoe~!
Tomoe: Whoa! What's wrong, Himari?!
Himari: Don't you think Moca's been acting strange lately?
Tomoe: Ah~... Come to think of it, I did feel like she was a little off yesterday.
Tsugumi: It's not like her to forget when our homework is due. Plus she's been wanting to take all kinds of detours on the way home...
Himari: So you sensed it too, then! I tried prying it out of her after you guys left, but...
Tsugumi: From the sound of it, I'm guessing she didn't tell you, right?
Tomoe: Moca's a tough nut to crack. Probably more so than Ran, even. Not to mention her temper is practically nonexistent.
Himari: This is serious~! Being more stubborn than Ran means she's more likely to suffer in silence. I'm worried...
Tsugumi: Do you think Ran-chan would know what's going on?
Tomoe: My gut tells me that... she hasn't said a word to Ran.
Tomoe: Moca is working today, right? I'll stop by her job and check on her.
Tsugumi: Thank you, Tomoe-chan. Text us if you find out anything.
Himari: We're counting on you, Tomoe! Good luck!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Convenience Store]

Moca: Thanks for stoppin' by~. Welcome, welcome~... Oh, Tomo-chin~. What brings you here~?
Tomoe: Yo! Well, I... you know~...
Moca: Ah~...
Moca: I'm going on my break now, so come keep me company~. Pretty please, Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: Huh...? Y-yeah! Alright! Can't say no to you, Moca!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Break Time]

Moca: Hey, Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: Hm? What's up?
Moca: How's Ako-chin holding up? Is she still her same old cool self?
Tomoe: You bet! I feel like the upcoming festival is making her more reliable! Something about being able to use the... dark something-or-other has her pretty hyped.
Moca: I see. That's Ako-chin for you~.
Tomoe: That energy of hers is contagious! Having someone like that around is really motivating.
Tomoe: I used to get nervous dealing with those kinds of people, but now... it just reminds me that I have my own path to walk.
Moca: ...
Tomoe: How about you, Moca? Feel like you've gotten cooler lately?
Moca: Hmmm, not sure~. What do you think, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: Well... Sorry if this is way off the mark, but you've been acting the way I used to.
Tomoe: You know, back when I couldn't face the fact that Ako was growing up.
Moca: Ah...
Tomoe: I had no idea how to handle her back then, so I'd find ways to avoid her. Then if anyone asked what was up, I'd say it was my problem and clam up.
Tomoe: But that whole situation gave me an opportunity to learn how to approach her... as well as think about how I want to live my own life.
Tomoe: Moca, the way you've been acting reminds me of my old self... Could it be... that you're a little worried with how much effort Ran is putting into flower arranging?
Moca: ... That's not true. She's working hard, so I need to support her.
Tomoe: Is that really how you feel? Can you look me in the eye and say that?
Moca: ...
Moca: ... Well, looks like I ended up causing trouble after all.
Moca: I know we all promised to catch up to Ran, but here I am breaking that promise. This is all my fault.
Tomoe: Moca...
Moca: Hearing how you decided to faced Ako-chin and never look back only reminded me... of how I could never do that...
Moca: And despite knowing I'm the problem, I still can't bring myself to open up to you guys. I don't want to be a burden.
Tomoe: You...!
Moca: You guys are working hard. Afterglow is doing great. So forget about me and-
Tomoe: What part of this sounds great to you? Is this the kind of coolness you're aiming for? Bottling everything up and gritting your teeth...?!
Tomoe: You think you're a burden because you're in pain? Not a single one of us thinks that! Only we get to decide how we feel!
Tomoe: Himari and Tsugu are worried sick about you because you're our childhood friend, not because they feel like they have to be. You know that, right?
Moca: ...
Tomoe: I won't stand by and let you pretend that everything's the same as always, because it's not.
Tomoe: There must be some reason you feel like you can't catch up to Ran, right?
Moca: ... Sorry.
Tomoe: Ah...! M-my bad! Here I am barging in and acting like your boss or something... Sorry. Look, the rest of us are going to check out Ran's exhibition next week. You should come along.
Tomoe: Oh, and here... A little gift for you.
Moca: ... A croquette?
Tomoe: ... And a bun! They taste even better together as a sandwich! It'll cheer you up for sure!
Tomoe: Good luck with the rest of your shift!
Moca: ... Oh. There's a note inside...
Tomoe: "Moca, you're so cool! Never give up~!"
Moca: ... Hahaha.
Moca: No, Tomo-chin. You're the cool one.
