event94-05 Chapter 4: Sasanqua

After much deliberation, Moca decides to attend the exhibition. Ran's arrangement has a very special touch to it...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Residence - Tsugumi's Room]

Tsugumi: "Hi, Moca-chan! I just wanted to remind you when we're meeting tomorrow."
Tsugumi: "Ran-chan and all of us are worried about you..."
Tsugumi: ...
Tsugumi: (No. This isn't what I really want to tell her.)
Tsugumi: Ran-chan is working really hard on her piece, so let's go check it out together!
Tsugumi: Hope to see you there.
Tsugumi: And... sent.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan... Please. We want to see your smiling face again...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Moca: ...
Moca: (I'm scared. Talking to Ran and seeing her work is terrifying. But if I don't go, everyone will be even more worried.)
Moca: (And that... is something I really don't want.)
Moca: "Okey-dokey~. Thanks, Tsugu~."
Moca: Alright. I'll go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Flowering Arranging Exhibition - Venue]

Himari: I thought a flower arrangement exhibition might be kinda stuffy, but it looks like I was way off.
Tomoe: It's impressive how many cool pieces are on display here.
Moca: What do you mean 'cool'~?
Tomoe: You know. Don't these all look fresh and cool?
Tsugumi: Hahaha... I think I get where you're coming from.
Ran: Over here, you guys.
Tomoe: Yo! We're here~!
Himari: Yeah, we only just arrived. This exhibition is a lot more inviting than I thought it'd be, even for beginners like us.
Ran: The participants are all young, so their entries have a fresh sense of style while still being refined.  It makes them easy on the eyes.
Tomoe: Y-yeah, that's exactly what I said~! A ton of cool stuff everywhere.
Tsugumi: Which one is yours, Ran-chan?
Ran: Over here.
(Black cut)
Moca: ...
Ran: This is my arrangement.
Moca: ...
Himari: Whoa...!
Tomoe: It, uh, definitely looks like a flower arrangement. Very elegant and... Uh, how should I put this?
Ran: Compared to the other entries, my arrangement is probably a little old-fashioned.
Ran: Since I've spent a long time away from the art, I decided to aim for the most basic form of beauty possible.
Ran: So Tomoe's impression is actually right on the mark.
Tsugumi: Knowing the basics is always important. I think it's a very dignified and gorgeous work.
Ran: I put some thought into my flower selection too. Did you notice...?
Himari: They're really big and beautiful! Very pretty!
Ran: Sure, but that's not what I meant...
Tomoe: Wait... What were these flowers called again?
Ran: Sasanqua! Come on, how could you forget? Especially you, Moca!
Moca: Huh...?
Ran: The day we first met... This is the flower I gave you as money when we were playing bakery.
Moca: When we played bakery...?
Ran: You don't remember? Give me a break...
Moca: N-no, I remember getting a flower, but not the name... Sorry.
Ran: You calling out to me that day is the whole reason we all became friends... That was the start of everything.
Ran: This could never make up for how much you guys have looked after me and kept me going, but...
Ran: Believe it or not, this flower is even more important to me than my namesake flower. This is the flower that helped me meet you guys.
Himari: Is that why you used it...?
Ran: Pretty much. Not that any of you remember.
Tomoe: S-sorry...
Ran: Well, it was a long time ago. Haha.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, you must really care about us for you to go to such lengths. I...
Himari: St-stop, Tsugu~! If you start crying, then I'll start crying...!
Ran: Whoa, hold on! I was just kidding, okay? It's just a flower with no special meaning. Come on, stop crying.
Moca: ...
Moca: (Ran was the only one who treasured this flower... Even I had completely forgotten about it.)
Moca: (She pushed herself with flower arranging, created this new art to show us, and even used a flower that only she remembered.)
Moca: (From the day she gave me that sasanqua to now, Ran has always been there for us.)
Moca: ...
Moca: Oh no, the tears are contagious~. Boo-hoo~.
Tomoe: Moca, stop ruining the moment~. Hahaha.
Moca: What beautiful flowers. I'm so glad I came~.
Ran: ... Thanks. I'm glad you did too.
