event150-01 Opening: Meeting by Chance

Ako and LOCK are on their way to a Poppin'Party concert. Suddenly, they run into a certain someone...!

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Rui Yashio, Rokka Asahi)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Ako: Ahhh~! It's finally over~!
Asuka: Ako, quiet down. The teacher's still here.
LOCK (Rokka): Hahaha, I don't blame you. Today's class felt especially long.
Ako: I know, right~? It's so hard to concentrate when you have something to look forward to after school.
Asuka: Says the person who slept through most of class.
Ako: Th-that's because, um... The darkness of slumber beckoned forth to me, leading me into the black abyss and... uh... Bang! I became sleepy...
Asuka: Trying to sound all cool isn't going to change what happened. Anyway, the Poppin'Party concert is today, right? Aren't the doors supposed to open at-
LOCK (Rokka): Six-thirty! But there's still some time before it starts. Ah~, I'm so excited~!
Ako: Yeah, me too! What do you want to do until then~?
Asuka: If you have some time, why don't you work on your assignment? You said earlier that you haven't even started.
Ako: I-I plan on having my sister help me when I get home... Plus, I don't really feel like doing it right now.
Asuka: So that's the real reason.
LOCK (Rokka): I can understand not wanting to, though. I've also been looking forward to the show this whole week. Just a few more hours until we get to see Poppin'Party...!
Asuka: You can just meet them whenever you want, can't you? The other day, you even said you bumped into them downtown.
LOCK (Rokka): It's not the same~. Going to a show is what makes it special~.
Ako: Exactly! No two performances are ever the same, and you get to be there and feel that vibe! That's what's special and so great~!
Asuka: Well, when you put it that way, I guess it makes sense.
Ako: It's especially true with Poppin'Party's concerts! They're so fun!
LOCK (Rokka): I know! Yesterday, I was at Galaxy playing their songs the whole time when Masuki-san joined me...!
Ako: What?! You got to play with King?! You're so lucky~! I wish I could've played with you guys~!
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, maybe the three of us can do a session someday.
Ako: We so should~!
Asuka: Doesn't that mean there'll be two drums and a guitar...? I didn't know there were songs for such a combination...
Ako: By the way~, Asuka, you should come with us to today's show.
Asuka: I told you already, there's something I have to take care of. I've already let my sister know too.
Ako: Oh~, that's too bad...
Asuka: Anyway, I should go now. Enjoy the show!
LOCK (Rokka): Thanks~!
Ako: Bye~! Should we go now?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Ah, wait... Could you give me a minute?
Ako: Hm? Where are you going?
LOCK (Rokka): We're going to see Poppin'Party... I need to go make sure my hair looks okay.
Ako: Ahaha, there's no point doing your hair now. It'll be a mess by the time it starts. Calm down, Rokka.
LOCK (Rokka): I can't! Mmm~, I'm super excited~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

LOCK (Rokka): I wonder what the set list is going to be~. Why don't we try guessing?
Ako: That sounds fun~! I'm in! I think the first song is going to be "Mirai Train."
LOCK (Rokka): Oh? What makes you think so?
Ako: Having an energetic song as the opener will really work up the crowd, won't it?
LOCK (Rokka): But they did that last time. My guess is-
Ako: Hm? Hold up. I think those girls over there are from Morfonica...
Ako: Mashiro~! Rui~!
Rui: Ah, Udagawa-san from Roselia and Asahi-san from RAISE A SUILEN... correct?
Mashiro: H-hello...
LOCK (Rokka): Hello, Kurata... san...
Ako: What brings you all the way downtown? I don't see you guys over here that often.
Mashiro: U-um... We're on our way to the music store, and after that, there's a Poppin'Party concert-
Ako: Wait, we're going to it too! Why don't we go together?
Mashiro: T-together...?
Mashiro: W-well... I don't know how long we'll be at the store, and I'd feel bad for making you come with us...
Rui: I do not mind. We are unlikely to be there for long.
Rui: There should be no harm since we have a common destination.
Mashiro: B-but... Asahi-san might...
LOCK (Rokka): No, it's okay! I don't mind. I think going together will be really fun.
Ako: Yay~! Then it's decided~!
Ako: Let's have a great time together~!
Mashiro: ...
