event150-05 Chapter 4: The Three of Us

The day of their hangout has come. Ako and Mashiro have arrived at the meetup location, but where's LOCK...?

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Rokka Asahi)

[Station Entrance]

Ako: Heya~, Mashiro~!
Mashiro: A-Ako-chan...!
Ako: Good morning~! Sorry, did you wait long?
Mashiro: No, I just came too... U-um, thank you for inviting me today.
Ako: Ehehe~! No problem, but you shouldn't be thanking me! Thank Rokka since she's the one who suggested we go get that marshmallow rabbit stuffed animal!
Ako: Plus, I'm glad I get to hang out with you!
Mashiro: Mm-hmm...! I wonder if there'll be any left at the arcade.
Ako: They're crane game prizes, so there should be unless other people got all of them...
Ako: Too bad Rui and CHU² aren't coming~. I bet they'd become friends if they did...
Mashiro: I-I'm not so sure... They kept arguing the whole time yesterday.
Ako: Really? Wasn't it more like CHU² getting all worked up on her own?
Mashiro: CHU²-san made me a bit nervous... I don't know anyone like her at my school.
Ako: Anyway, I wonder what's taking Rokka so long~?
Ako: Hm? It's from Rokka... Oh, it looks like she's being held up at work.
Mashiro: I-I see. What kind of work does she do...?
Ako: Uh~, I think it's Galaxy today... But she also helps out at a place called Asahi Bathhouse.
Mashiro: Oh, she works two jobs? W-wow...
Ako: The bathhouse belongs to a relative. Rokka lives there on her own.
Mashiro: Alone...? I can't even imagine what that must be like...
Mashiro: Working and living on her own... Asahi-san is so incredible. She's not like me at all...
Ako: Ah, why don't we go pick her up? I bet she'd be surprised if we showed up suddenly!
Mashiro: Are you sure that's a good idea...?
Ako: It'll be fine! She's probably cleaning up the stage area right now. We could even help her out so that she can go early!
Ako: Alright, let's go to Galaxy!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Galaxy - Stage]

Ako: Fufufu... The great demon princess Ako has been summoned forth from the darkness and demands your attention!
Mashiro: H-hello...!
LOCK (Rokka): A-Ako-chan?! You too, Kurata-san...?!
Ako: Surprised?
LOCK (Rokka): Y-yes...! You didn't tell me you were coming...!
Ako: Yay, the surprise worked~! We decided to come get you since it seemed better than waiting for you to show up!
Mashiro: I'm sorry we didn't tell you we were coming... I hope we're not causing any trouble.
LOCK (Rokka): Not at all! I'm just waiting for the manager, Yoshiko-san, to return. She should be back any moment.
Ako: Then let's wait until she does~!
LOCK (Rokka): I'm sorry for making you come get me even though it was my idea to go out today...
Mashiro: It's okay. I've been wanting to see where you work anyway.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh?
Mashiro: I mean, I've never worked before...
Mashiro: Isn't holding two jobs difficult...?
LOCK (Rokka): Hm~. It's never felt that way to me...
LOCK (Rokka): What I do at Asahi Bathhouse is more like helping out family, so it doesn't really feel like work.
Mashiro: You live there on your own, right...? What's it like?
LOCK (Rokka): Um~... Normal?
Mashiro: Don't you ever get lonely?
LOCK (Rokka): When I first moved here, there were times when I became a little lonely...
LOCK (Rokka): But not anymore. I've got everyone now.
LOCK (Rokka): That's why I'm glad I moved here! And it's all thanks to Poppin'Party.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm so lucky I got to see them perform that day.
Mashiro: ... You're not like me at all even though we both started out similarly. Going so far as to work and live alone... That takes a lot of initiative.
Ako: But I think you have a lot of initiative too! Didn't you try looking for people to join your band by putting up posters on CiRCLE's message board?
Ako: I heard about that from Poppin'Party.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Mashiro- I mean, Kurata-san, starting your own band is amazing too!
Mashiro: O-oh... Thank you, both of you...
Mashiro: U-um... You can call me by my first name if you'd like...
LOCK (Rokka): ... Hm?
Mashiro: If it's easier to call me by my first name, I don't mind...
LOCK (Rokka): I-it's embarrassing to have you spell it out like that... But okay, I'll call you Mashiro-chan from now on.
Ako: Don't you think it's kind of weird for Mashiro to keep calling you Asahi-san then?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes. Everyone calls me LOCK or Rokka, so it would be nice if you could too.
Mashiro: O-okay... LOCK-chan.
Ako: Oh~, this is great~! It really feels like you two have become good friends!
LOCK & Mashiro: Ahahahaha...
Yoshiko: I'm back~! Sorry I took forever!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Yoshiko-san! Were you able to take care of everything?
Yoshiko: Mm-hmm. You can go now, Rokka-chan. Thanks a bunch.
LOCK (Rokka): Okay, I'll be leaving then! Let's go and get the marshmallow rabbit!
