event150-03 Chapter 2: Heating Up at the Restaurant

CHU² joins the girls, and they decide to kill time at a restaurant...

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Rui Yashio, Rokka Asahi, Chiyu Tamade)

[Restaurant]

LOCK (Rokka): This... is the super awesome place?
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... I was expecting something a bit more exciting, not a simple restaurant.
Ako: But it is awesome! This isn't just any old restaurant!
Ako: This is the restaurant Roselia always comes to~! We come here after concerts and practice sessions to talk about how we did!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, I see...
Ako: It's easy to chat here because it's so comfy~.
Ako: They've also got a great selection of all-you-can-drink drinks that really help keep the meetings going~!
Rui: Pardon me, may I ask how Roselia conducts its review meetings? I am quite intrigued.
Ako: See?! Didn't I just tell you it's easy to chat here?
Rui: I am not attempting to make conversation. I am merely seeking ideas. Although Morfonica also conducts review meetings, we have difficulty remaining on topic.
Ako: I think we do pretty normal stuff. We just point out what we noticed during practice.
Ako: Hm... And after doing a show, we often get fries... Ah, we also order the Supersized Stress Set whenever something frustrating happens!
LOCK, CHU² & Mashiro: The Supersized Stress Set?
Ako: It's a set meal with two Hamburg steaks, deep-fried shrimp, sautéed chicken, a large serving of rice, and dessert~!
Mashiro: I-is it even possible to eat all of that?
Ako: Normally, it would've been really hard... but all of us managed to back then!
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you ate all of that... You're all true rockers~!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Huh?
Mashiro: If you can eat that much, I think I can see how you can give such intense and incredible performances...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... LOCK, could you get the attention of the waitress?
LOCK (Rokka): Hm?
CHU² (Chiyu): If Yukina Minato was able to eat it all, I can too.
LOCK (Rokka): Wait, CHU²-san, wait! I don't think that's a very good idea! You only eat jerky most of the time!
CHU² (Chiyu): Just do as I asked! Now!
LOCK (Rokka): O-okay! Um, excuse me~!
(Black cut)
CHU² (Chiyu): ... LOCK. Water... now... Urp...
LOCK (Rokka): ... That's why I warned you... And you've still only eaten the Hamburg steak and shrimp.
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't need you to tell me...! I'll show you I can finish this entire meal.
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you probably shouldn't force yourself like that... Anyway, I'll go get you some water. There's no need to wait for me, everyone. Just keep talking.
Ako: Okay~. You know, this is the first time I've gotten to have a proper chat with you and Rui, isn't it, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Yes, it is. But we've seen your concerts a few times...
Ako: And we've seen yours! Your songs feel so different from ours, but I really like them~!
Mashiro: Th-thank you.
Ako: Mm-hmm! Oh, your music is really nice, but I also like the words a lot! They make me feel like I'm in a fantasy world~.
Mashiro: I'm just writing whatever comes to mind... Maybe it seems that way because I like fantasy novels.
Ako: I borrow fantasy books from Rin-rin! Have you read any good ones lately?
Mashiro: Lately...? Hm... Let's see...
LOCK (Rokka): CHU²-san, I brought you some water!
CHU² (Chiyu): What took you so long?
LOCK (Rokka): I'm so sorry~... Wait, it doesn't look like the amount of food on your plate has changed...
CHU² (Chiyu): Quiet! Mind your own business, okay?
LOCK (Rokka): Ahaha... I'm sorry I interrupted the conversation. What were you all talking about?
Ako: I was just asking Mashiro about fantasy books. So, do you have any recommendations?
Mashiro: I read "Fairy Legends" the other day. It even got turned into a movie recently... Do you know it?
Ako: Wow?! You like it too?! I love "Fairy Legends"!
Ako: I really enjoyed it when I borrowed it from Rin-rin! What was it...? That round thing that jumps...
Mashiro: The marshmallow rabbit?!
Ako: Yeah! It's so cute, isn't it?!
Mashiro: You think so too?! I love the marshmallow rabbit! I've been collecting marshmallow rabbit merchandise recently!
LOCK (Rokka): Wait, is that the thing in the movie we saw together, Ako-chan...?
Ako: Yeah, that's the one!
LOCK (Rokka): I think I saw some in one of the crane games at the arcade when I was there last time.
Mashiro: Y-you did...?! I had no idea you could get the marshmallow rabbit from one...! I want it so much...
CHU² (Chiyu): And I want some water, LOCK!
LOCK (Rokka): Wait, you still haven't eaten anything else! Would you like... some help?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Let me make one thing absolutely clear. I'm just not in the best condition today.
LOCK (Rokka): I know.
Mashiro: Would you like me to help too...?
Ako: I'll also help!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Suit yourselves!
