event18-03 Chapter 2: What Kind of Song?

Misaki announces that they'll be having a performance in two weeks. Kokoro responds by saying she wants to write a new song...!

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kanon: A-a performance...?
Kokoro: Nice, that's wonderful!
Kaoru & Hagumi: Yeah!
Kanon: B-but! What about the time and place...?
Misaki: Sorry, Kanon-san, none of that is set yet, but we have to perform on this day, two weeks from today, no matter what.
Kanon: Ah...
Kokoro: It's okay, Kanon. It's rare for Misaki to be this passionate. I'm sure she has a plan.
Kokoro: Isn't that right, Misaki?
Misaki: Y-yeah... more or less.
Hagumi: So, what songs are we gonna play?
Misaki: That's something else we need to think about now... Hrm...
Kokoro: I want to play a new song!
Kaoru & Hagumi: Yeah!
Kanon: A new song... Should we? Will we have enough time to get it right in two weeks...?
Misaki: That's a good point... We might be able to pull it off, I guess...? We don't have much time, and we'll need to write the song itself first...
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
Kokoro: Don't worry! I'm sure we can do it!
Kaoru: The joy of effort alleviates the pain of hardship. It is but that... is it not?
Misaki: (Kokoro, Kaoru-san...)
Misaki: Y-yeah... it is... I think.
Misaki: I'm sorry, everyone, but I need your help with this. I'll find a place for the performance.
Kokoro: Okay, we'd better start writing our new song then! Hmm~, I wonder what would be best!  Hm-hm-hm~♪ Hmm-hmm-hm♪
Misaki: H, hey! Hold up! I'm the one who has to turn your little tunes into actual songs, so just wait!
Kaoru: This time... I would like us to do a fleeting theme song, one that...
Misaki: Sorry, Kaoru-san! Doing a musical is just going to be too much work this time, let's save that for when we have enough time to rehearse properly!
Kokoro: That's right! A fleeting musical that makes people happy! We should learn our lines and songs perfectly, and put on a proper show!
Kaoru: Misaki... Kokoro... fufu, very well. We'll save the musical for next time.
Kaoru: I will teach you all the finer points of acting when the time comes.
Hagumi: So, what about the new song? Are we gonna play at the live house again? Who are we gonna invite?
Misaki: I... I want the girls from school to come. I want more people to know about Hello, Happy World!
Kokoro: In that case, why don't we make the things you want to tell them into a song?
Kaoru: That's a great idea. What do you want to say to them, Misaki?
Misaki: Um, hmm... It's kind of hard to put it into words, but...
Misaki: Thinking you can't do something even though you haven't tried, or deciding some is bad even though you haven't seen it...
Misaki: You can't really know these things until you see it or try it for yourself.
Misaki: I can't really find the right words to explain this but...
Misaki: A kind of... free way of thinking. I just feel it's a shame people can't do this.
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
Misaki: I want more people to see how big the world is.
Kaoru & Hagumi: Misaki... Mii-kun...
Misaki: A-ahaha~, it was just a thought, uh...
Kanon: (Normally Misaki-chan has to back-up Kokoro-chan whenever she comes up with something, but this time it's the other way round...)
Kanon: I think I understand what Misaki-chan is trying to say. I used to live in a tiny world until I met Kokoro-chan.
Kanon: If I stayed there, I never would've known how much fun it could be to be in a band, or the joy I would feel from putting smiles on people's faces.
Kanon: So I...
Kokoro: That's it, a song that makes the world bigger! Let's do it!
Hagumi: A song that makes the world bigger... Ooh, that's awesome!
Kaoru: How wonderful... A brand-new world!
Kanon: Yeah!
Kokoro: It's decided! Okay, we'd better tell Michelle right away...
Misaki: Yeah, I'll let her know.
Misaki: Thanks, you guys.
Misaki: (Yes..!)
