event18-06 Chapter 5: I Didn't Know About This!

It's the day of the show. Before playing their new song, Kokoro and the others have a surprise in store...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Day Of The Show]

[CiRCLE]

Misaki: That's the last one... I think we managed to get everything finished early...
Marina: Misaki-chan, thanks for your help today. We were able to get our maintenance finished quite ahead of schedule.
Misaki: No, no, I should thank you for letting me ask the impossible to perform today.
Marina: Don't worry about it. Good luck with your performance today!
Misaki: We'll do the best we can.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Hagumi: Yaaay~! Michelle~!
Michelle (Misaki): Gah! ... H-Hagumi-chan! No sudden hugs!
Kaoru: Fufu, Hagumi, you naughty little girl. Well then, Michelle, would you care to waltz with me before we go on stage?
Michelle (Misaki): Umm... I'm not big on dancing! Sorry!
Kokoro: Hrm, Misaki always disappears right before we go on stage...
Kanon: U-um, that's because Misaki-chan is actually...
Kokoro: Oh well! I'm sure Misaki is doing something for our performance!
Michelle (Misaki): O-oh, that's reminds me! Misaki-chan said she was busy with all the preparations!
Kokoro: See? I knew it!
Kanon: A-ahaha...
Kanon: (I-I guess this is okay?)
Kokoro: Is everyone ready?
Kaoru: I await your mark.
Hagumi: I'm good to go anytime! I'm so excited about our performance today!
Kanon: Me to... I'm a little nervous, but I'm okay!
Kokoro: Michelle, we're going to make the world smile today too!
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah, we are.
Kokoro: Okay, let's go~!
All (ex. Kokoro): Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[On Stage]

Kokoro: Mmm~! Performing on stage is the best!
Michelle: (Kokoro seems to be having the time of her life... as usual. Ahaha, watching her makes everything feel more fun.)
Kaoru: The profound smiles of the lovely flowers in the audience adorn the stage... I cannot contain myself any longer!
Michelle: (Kaoru-san is... her usual self. On point as always.)
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai! Let's play this rhythm together~!
Kanon: Y-yeah! Nice, Hagumi-chan!
Michelle: (Hagumi and Kanon-san are both giving it everything they’ve got too. Ahaha, I think we're the ones enjoying the performance the most.)
(Black cut)
Audience Member: I love Hello, Happy World!
Audience Member: Yeah, they're awesome as always, huh? I just love these songs and what they do on stage!
Michelle: (The audience seems to be enjoying it too. Oh, is that...?)
Misaki's Classmate A: Okusawa-san asked us to come, but...
Misaki's Classmate B: ... Th-this is kind of amazing...
Misaki's Classmate C: Tsurumaki-san is even more energetic than she is at school...
Michelle: (Ahaha, that's probably true.)
Kokoro: Next up is our last tonight... Hagumi!
Hagumi: This song all started with something one of the members of the band said.
Michelle: (Huh? We didn't plan any talking...)
Kaoru: People inevitably set a little to the size of their own world, but... everyone in an actor in the play we call life.
Kanon: All it takes is something small for people to change the way we think and act... That's all it took for us.
Hagumi: That's why we want everyone to believe more in yourselves and what you can do! Don't ignore those small things!
Kaoru: Do nothing, and nothing will ever happen.
Kanon: Th-that's what this song is about...!
Michelle (Misaki): You guys...
Kokoro: Time for our last song! Come on~!
Kokoro: ~♪
Michelle: (... I'm the only one who didn't know about the talk! I missed my chance...!)
Michelle: (But...)
Misaki's Classmates: ...!
Michelle: (Everyone's smiling... I guess it's all good.)
