event18-04 Chapter 3: Fired Up Mii-kun

Seeing that Misaki is a lot more motivated than usual, Hagumi hopes she can find a way to help out.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[School Path]

Hagumi: Mii-kun! Morning~!
Misaki: Oh, Hagumi, morning.
Hagumi: Is there anything I could do with our next performance? You always end up having to do all the organizing, Mii-kun...
Misaki: Thanks for offering, but I'm already looking for a place, so it's okay. Oh, Michelle said she'll put extra effort in too.
Hagumi: Really? That's great~! Okay, we'd better talk to the others and decide on a rehearsal day!
Misaki: Yeah, you're right. What days do you have softball practice again?
Hagumi: Umm, I'm gonna have this week and next week off softball! We just finished a tournament, so I'm gonna focus on our performance!
Hagumi: That's why I wanna help out, Mii-kun! We've got rehearsal today at the studio, but we'll have to put in lots of days from tomorrow, too, right?
Misaki: Thanks, Hagumi. Okay, let's work out everyone's plans once we're at the studio, and then make more reservations.
Hagumi: Yeah! Is there anything else? Seeing you all fire up makes me wanna do stuff too!
Misaki: Ahaha, was I really fired up~?
Hagumi: Yeah, you totally were! I was so happy because sometimes you're kinda... far away, Mii-kun.
Misaki: Y-you think so...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Kokoro: Okay then! We're all here! Let's go to rehearsals~!
Hagumi & Kanon: Yeah~!
Misaki: (Good, I'm glad everyone's pumped.)
Misaki's Classmate: Oh, Okusawa-san. You're with Tsurumaki-san and the others...? Matsubara-senpai is here too... This is a group you don't see every day.
Misaki: Ah... uh...
Kokoro: What's strange about it? Misaki is...
Misaki: I-I just happened to be passing by! Ahaha~
Kokoro: ...?
Hagumi: ...
Misaki: (Why did I say that...?)
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Kokoro: This part will go hm-hm-hmm♪ ... It's so cute!
Kaoru: Ah, Kokoro... Your ideas never fail to provide stimulation...
Kaoru: How about we go all out with hmm-hm-hm-hmm?
Misaki: How am I supposed to understand what that means?!
Kanon: Ahaha...
Hagumi: ...
Kanon: What's the matter, Hagumi-chan?
Hagumi: This morning, on the way to school with Mii-kun...
(Black cut)
Kanon: Ah... You feel that Misaki-chan acts differently around other people compared to when she's with the band...
Hagumi: Yeah... I don't know if Mii-kun still likes the band or not...
Hagumi: It just kinda started to bug me...
Kanon: Umm, Hagumi-chan. This is just my guess, but... I think something is changing for Misaki-chan.
Kanon: Change is something that's really difficult, right?
Kanon: I think Misaki-chan is confused by that change as well.
Hagumi: Something's changing...? I guess she was more fired up than usual, but...
Hagumi: Hrm... I'm not sure I get it~...
Kanon: Umm... For example, have you ever tried a new kind of practice during softball?
Hagumi: Yeah, of course! We tried a new defensive formation recently, but everyone was in different positions and it felt weird...
Hagumi: It took ages to get used to, and it was really hard work too...
Hagumi: ... Ahh!
Kanon: Yeah. I think Misaki-chan is going through the same thing now. She's trying really hard to change, but it's not easy, so she's troubled.
Hagumi: Oh, I get it now! Thanks, Kano-chan-senpai!
Kanon: I'm sure it's going to be a good change, so I hope we can do something to help her.
Hagumi: Yeah, me too!
Kokoro: Hagumi, we need your ideas too! I want lots and lots of thoughts on this!
Misaki: K-Kanon-san... I can't keep up with these two on my own...
Hagumi & Kanon: I'm on my way!
