event18-05 Chapter 4: Misaki's Affection

After desperately running around in preparation for the show, Misaki tells Kanon about why her drive is different this time around...

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Misaki: *huff* *puff*... Everywhere is booked out... I guess it was stupid to think I could find us a place to play at such short notice.
Misaki: (I could just ask Kokoro and she'd take care of it, but I feel like that defeats the purpose of what I want to do.)
Misaki: (No, it's still too soon to give up...  We always use this live house, perhaps we can work something out.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Misaki: Hello, Marina-san. Sorry to bug you again.
Marina: Hi, Misaki-chan. You were here earlier.
Misaki: Yeah. Um... I know I already asked you, but we need to use the live house in two weeks from now.
Marina: I'm sorry, Misaki-chan. Like I said before, we're already fully booked out on that day.
Misaki: I know I'm asking the impossible, but there has to be something you can do...!
Marina: Hmm... Wait, I know! We have instrument maintenance scheduled that day. If we could finish it early, we could squeeze you in.
Misaki: R-really...?! I'll help with the maintenance, so can we use the time slot that free sup?
Marina: Of course. I have to say, it's surprising to see you so worked up about this.
Misaki: Y-you think so...? I-I'm the usual old me, it's just...  It's really important that some certain people see the band perform.
Marina: I see. The band is really important to you, isn't it?
Misaki: Don't get me wrong, I just hate it when people think they can say whatever they want about us. It's not that because of anything else...
Marina: Okay, if you say so. I'll go check with the owner to make sure everything's okay, just in case.
Misaki: (The band is special to me...? I'd never even put it to thought.)
(Black cut)
Marina: Thanks for waiting. The owner says you can have the time slot you wanted, as long as you help out with the maintenance.
Misaki: Really?! Ahh, I'm so glad~! I'd actually already asked every live house I can think of, so I was starting to get stressed.
Marina: Fufu, I'm glad everything worked out.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Misaki: Phew~, I need a break...
Misaki: (So much has been going on lately... We have a place for our performance, and we've worked out our songs too. It almost feels like it's going to be okay...)
Misaki: Phew...
Kanon: Misaki-chan... Can I talk to you for a minute?
Misaki: Oh, Kanon-san. What's up?
Kanon: Misaki-chan... You seem really busy these days.
Misaki: I was the one who said we should have the performance, so I'm trying to be more serious about it than usual.
Kanon: Ahaha, I see.
Kanon: I'm amazed by how active you'd been, Misaki-chan. Getting a spot at the live house for us, writing our new song...
Misaki: Yeah... Organizing our performances is nothing new for me, but... I feel it's been more satisfying this time.
Misaki: I'm surprised how different it feels when I do these things because I actually want to.
Kanon: I kind of know what you mean.
Kanon: When you do something because you actually want to, I think that's just how it feels.
Misaki: When you want to do it... Yeah, it might just be that.
Misaki: Hey, listen... the other day at school when I was with Kokoro and the others, some of my classmates came by and I kind of lied about what was going on with you guys, and I regret it.
Misaki: I guess part of me didn't want them to know that I was in a band with Kokoro and the others.
Misaki: That's why when they come to our performance, I'm going to tell them that it's me inside Michelle.
Misaki: Kokoro and the others were basically known as the school weirdos, so I didn't want to be put in the same boat as them in the beginning, which is why I couldn't tell anyone...
Misaki: But it seems like I feel differently about it now.
Kanon: I think it's a really good thing that you're changing in that way, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: I'm not entirely sure how I've changed, mind you.
Misaki: But the fact that I said I wanted to have a performance is something, I guess.
Kanon: I see. I hope it becomes clearer to you later.
Misaki: Yeah. I've gotta say though, I'm still really surprised the day has come that I actually want to perform.
Kanon: Ahaha, I suppose you must be. But when you said you want to have a performance, the others looked really happy, you know?
Misaki: It was kind of an in-the-moment thing for me, so I didn't really take in their reactions.
Misaki: (They looked happy, huh...? Hearing that makes me kind of feel happy too... Nah, I'm probably just imagining it.)
Misaki: I guess I must like this whole performing thing after all... I dunno, haha~.
Kanon: Do you really?
Misaki: Uh, hmm... I guess it's not a lie, so...
Kanon: You should tell that to Kokoro-chan, Kaoru-san, and Hagumi-chan. It'll make them really happy!
Misaki: Hmm... I'm not sure about that... It's kinda embarrassing.
Kanon: Whaaat? I thought you were going to say okay...
Misaki: No way, as you know, I'm not very good at that kind of thing...
Kanon: You can say it after we finish our performance! ... Okay?
Misaki: ...?
Kanon: I think Hagumi-chan especially would like to know how you feel about the band.
Misaki: (Ahh, she was there when I...)
Misaki: Okay, got it. Thanks, Kanon-san.
Kanon: You're welcome.
