event18-07 Ending: Everyone's Smile

The performance is successful! Misaki's classmates are pleased! What does Misaki feel after seeing this...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[After The Show]

[Circle - Dressing Room]

Kokoro: Mmm~! That performance was the best!
Hagumi: Yeah, it so awesome! The crowd was smiling! We were smiling! Smiles everywhere!
Kanon: Yeah... it was really fun!
Kaoru: Fufu... Our new song was a great success. I hope Misaki's classmates enjoyed it as well.
Michelle (Misaki): So, umm.
Michelle (Misaki): Sorry about all this, guys. Suddenly deciding we're going to perform and all that... I guess I put a burden on everyone, but...
Kokoro: Hm? Why are you apologizing, Michelle?
Michelle (Misaki): That's because...!
Michelle: (... Oh well.)
Michelle (Misaki): It's a message from Misaki-chan. She just wanted to say she felt bad for suddenly springing the performance on everyone, but she's thankful you guys worked so hard for it with her.
Michelle (Misaki): Misaki-chan also wanted to say that the band is really important to her now.
Michelle: (... Huh? I didn't think I was going to say anything like this...)
Kaoru & Hagumi: ...!
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
Kokoro: Michelle, thanks for telling us how Misaki feels!
Kokoro: But she doesn't need to thank us.
Kokoro: If Misaki knows has someone she wants to make smile, it's natural that we work together to put a smile on that person's face.
Kokoro: We work together to make the world smile, after all!
Kaoru & Hagumi: Indeed! Yeah!
Kanon: That's right, Kokoro-chan.
Michelle (Misaki): You guys...
Michelle: (Hmm... I guess the band really is more important to me than I thought...)
Michelle: (The fact that it's important to me... is probably why I've changed.)
Kaoru: Hmm? Who could that be...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Misaki's Classmate A: Tsurumaki-san! Your performance was so much fun!
Misaki's Classmate C: Yeah, it really was! I almost cried at the end!
Kokoro: Did everyone smile?
Misaki's Classmate A: Yeah! It was just... so much fun!
Kokoro: Really? I'm glad! Our band is all about making the whole world smile!
Hagumi: Smiles! For everyone in the world!
Kaoru: Little kittens, did you enjoy our performance?
Misaki's Classmate B: Y-yes..! Kaoru-sama... You were amazing...!
Kaoru: Thanks. You too were part of the composition of our performance. If it seemed marvelous to you, it may be because you yourself were there...
Kaoru: Ahh, it's as if you show a fire how to burn bright... How fleeting.
Misaki's Classmate B: Oh my god...
Kanon: That went well, Misaki-chan!
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah... I dunno... Now that it's over, everything's back to normal, but...
Michelle (Misaki): I guess I feel glad that those girls learned about the band, and that they're smiling...
Michelle (Misaki): I'm glad I invited them.
Kanon: Yeah, they were all smiling.
Michelle (Misaki): By the way, no one told me about that talk at the end.
Kanon: Oh, that was Kokoro-chan's idea... She wanted to tell everyone your feelings
Michelle (Misaki): My... feelings?
Kanon: Yeah. You told us your feelings, which is something you usually don't do, so Kokoro-chan said she wanted to tell that to everyone in your place.
Kanon: It seems like they still don't understand that you're Michelle though...
Kanon: Everyone was really happy to find out how you actually feel, Misaki-chan.
Kanon: Ehehe, I guess I wasn't the only one who noticed you're changing.
Michelle (Misaki): Kanon-san...
Kanon: Oh, by the way, Misaki-chan. Weren't you going to tell everyone that you're Michelle...?
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, yeah, about that... I think I'll just keep it to myself.
Michelle (Misaki): After seeing everyone smiling like that, I kinda felt like it doesn't matter anymore.
Michelle (Misaki): The girls from school gave Hello, Happy World! a chance.
Michelle (Misaki): And it seems like they really enjoyed our performance, so that's enough for me.
Kanon: Fufu, I see.
Michelle (Misaki): And besides, it's just too much effort to explain everything.
