event18-01 Opening: That Tsurumaki-san...

After being seen together with Kokoro and Hagumi after class, Misaki is approached by a classmate...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Misaki: Okay... No club activities today, I guess I'll keep working on my wool felting...
Kokoro: Misaki~!
Misaki: Oh, Kokoro.
Kokoro: Hey, when is our next rehearsal?
Misaki: I told you yesterday that we're practicing at the studio tomorrow.
Kokoro: You did? Hmm, now that you mention it, I think you did!
Misaki: You seriously don't listen to what I say...
Hagumi: Kokoron! Mii-kun!
Kokoro: Oh, Hagumi. What's up?
Hagumi: Umm, umm...
Hagumi: Huh? What was I gonna say?
Misaki: ...
Kokoro: Did you forget on your way here? Maybe you realized something more wonderful instead!
Hagumi: Yeah, that's right, Kokoron! There was something I wanted to ask you guys!
Hagumi: But then I got more excited about it and forgot what I wanted to ask~...
Hagumi: Sorry, Kokoron, Mii-kun...
Kokoro: Hagumi, you didn't do anything wrong! People forget lots of things, and anyway, it's wonderful that you get so excited about seeing your friends!
Hagumi: Kokoron...!
Kokoro: Let's think about it together! You came looking for Misaki and I... Oh! It must be something about Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: Y-yeah...! I think so...!
Hagumi: Kokoron and Mii-kun... Hmm, but it wasn't about Michelle...
Misaki: Hagumi, if it's about rehearsal, it's at the CiRCLE studio after school tomorrow. You don't have softball, right? You said you'd meet Kanon-san at the school gates and go with her.
Hagumi: That's it! Rehearsal! You're amazing, Mii-kun!
Kokoro: You really are amazing! You know Hagumi so well!
Misaki: That's because you just asked me, and I figure you two are pretty much the same anyway.
Hagumi: You're always awesome, Mii-kun~! You know exactly what I'm going to say!
Kokoro: Of course! Misaki is a member of Hello, Happy World! She's always there for us when we need her!
Misaki: Come on, I don't do anything that special...
Kokoro: Anyway, we have rehearsals tomorrow! I'm already so excited!
Hagumi: Yeah! We're going to write a new song! I can't wait!
Misaki: Okay, that's nice.
Kokoro: That reminds me, Kaoru said she wanted to make a fleeting theme song, and perform it as a musical.
Hagumi: A fleeting theme song... that sounds awesome! I'm sure Kaoru-kun will show us a really cool kind of fleeting!
Kokoro: Yeah, that's right! Let's have Kanon be the heroine of our musical!
Hagumi: Nice! Kano-chan-senpai as the heroine! I bet she'll look so pretty~!
Misaki: Okay, this makes no sense... What is a cool kind of fleeting, anyway?
Misaki: And besides, if it's all fleeting then no one's going to smile... I thought we were all about putting smiles on peoples' faces?
Kokoro: Really? Why does it have to be that way? It might be possible for us to make a cool kind of 'fleeting' that puts smiles on everyone's faces!
Kokoro: If we give up before we even try, nothing will ever happen!
Hagumi: That's right, Mii-kun! We can make anyone smile! Even when we're fleeting!
Misaki: ...
Misaki: (Nothing will ever happen if I don’t give anything a change, huh...?)
Misaki: (... Argh, what am I doing?! I almost let myself get sucked into their little world!)
Kokoro: What's the matter, Misaki?
Misaki: Don't worry, it's nothing.
Misaki: (... I've gotta stop overreacting to everything Kokoro says.)
Kokoro: Really? If you say so. Anyway, I should get going now. I have plans to look for something fun on way home!
Hagumi: Oh, me too! I'm supposed to help out at my dad's shop!
Misaki: Ahh, okay. I think I'll stay here and work on my felting a little longer.
Kokoro: Okay, see you at rehearsals tomorrow! Tell Michelle about it too!
Hagumi: See ya tomorrow, Mii-kun~!
Misaki: Okay, sure. I wonder if the day they realize I'm Michelle will ever come~.
Misaki: (... I just realize, but I've been chatting to Kokoro and the others at school like it's something normal... People are going to start thinking I'm a weirdo...)
Misaki's Classmate A: You're not going home, Okusawa-san?
Misaki: Nah, I've got some stuff to do.
Misaki's Classmate B: Oh, you're making a felt doll out of wool...? You're so good at those crafty things, Okusawa-san.
Misaki's Classmate A: Although, I have to say I'm kind of surprised that you're friends with the infamous Tsurumaki-san.
Misaki: Err, um... Oh, we're in the same class... right? It just kinda happened... I-it's not like we're besties or anything.
Misaki's Classmate B: Oh, okay. You guys looked like you were having fun. I was kind of amazed, to be honest...
Misaki: (O-oh crap...)
