event103-07 Ending: Orange Sky of Emotions

The group of five takes part in the lantern ceremony. What sentiments do they put into their lanterns...?

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Park]

Lisa: Whew, what a day~.
Hina: We somehow made it out of that crowd of people. I had no idea what was going on toward the end.
Kokoro: Oh? Looks like they're doing something over there! I can see some shiny lights.
Hina: You're right~. Why don't we go check it out?
(Black cut)
Lisa: A lantern festival?
Kokoro: So you write a wish, attach it to a lantern, then you send it into the sky... Amazing! That sounds like a lot of fun!
Lisa: Interesting~. That's pretty romantic. And it'd make for a nice breather. Let's try it out.
Hina: Okay~. I'll go sign us up~.
(Black cut)
Misaki: A wish... A wish... Hmmm~... Did you come up with something, Aoba-san?
Moca: Hmm...
Misaki: ... Aoba-san?
Moca: Huh? What's up~?
Misaki: Don't 'what's up' me. What's wrong? Why are you spacing out?
Moca: No reason~. At least that's what I'd like to say~... I was just doing a little reflection.
Moca: In the end, we relied on Lisa-san for a bunch of stuff, so today was pretty much no different than any other day~.
Moca: Probably can't say Lisa was "pleased," so I suppose my plan failed... And thinking about that just made me so sad~. Boo-hoo-hoo~.
Lisa: Uh-huh, so you were thinking about that.
Misaki: Whoa! Lisa-san...!
Lisa: I kinda had the feeling you were trying to do something like that. Although, you were trying a lot harder than I thought.
Lisa: Jeez. You always become focused on the weirdest things, Moca. You say your plan for today failed, but I-
Kokoro: I don't think that's true!
Misaki: Wah! Again?!
Kokoro: Yeah, we spent the day doing something different from our plan, but I think today was totally a success!
Kokoro: Think about it. Lisa looked like she was having so much fun. And wasn't our goal to make this an enjoyable day for her?
Kokoro: That means that even with the change of plans, we did exactly what we came to do!
Lisa: Kokoro's right, Moca.
Lisa: I had a super fun day!
Lisa: Sure, there were a few unexpected things here and there, but today will be a precious memory for me, even with those things.
Moca: A precious memory, huh?
Lisa: Yep. Nothing makes me happier than being able to create these moments to look back on with you, Misaki, Kokoro, and Hina.
Lisa: That includes the way you all wanted to show me the perfect tour.
Lisa: The things you made come true, the things you couldn't make come true. All of it is part of a memory that cannot be replaced.
Kokoro: What an amazing thing to say, Lisa! I totally agree with you!
Kokoro: Everything I've experienced with you all here is precious to me!
Lisa: Mhm! I knew you'd understand, Kokoro!
Kokoro: Yeah!
Misaki: ... Maybe we were trying too hard to show off.
Misaki: But the time we spend together is what's important, right? Admirable... Well, Kokoro's always impressing me, but you too, Lisa-san.
Moca: Agreed~.
Moca: But that doesn't mean I plan to give up~. Heh heh heh~. Be sure to look forward to future plans~.
Hina: Even though Lisa-chi said today was fine?
Moca: Yes, indeed~. This is about my ego... My pride~.
Hina: Ahaha, you're such a puzzle, Moca-chan.
Hina: Well, you all are. All this talk about how it doesn't matter how it turned out and not giving up... I don't understand any of it.
Kokoro: But you're okay with that, right?
Hina: Mhm! Not understanding is what makes you all so interesting!
Lisa: Hina~. You're the puzzle here~.
All: Ahahahaha.
Lisa: Anyway, sounds like the lanterns are ready to fly. Are you guys ready?
Moca: You know it~.
Kokoro: Just say the word!
Lisa: Alrighty. We'll send them up on three! Ready~? One... Two...
All: Three!
(White cut)
Misaki: Wow... That's amazing. Look at all those lanterns floating through the air...
Kokoro: It's very pretty!
Hina: Yep! By the way, what did you guys write for your wish?
Moca: It's a secret~.
Misaki: I agree with the girl to my right.
Hina: Aww~, c'mon~! What about you, Lisa-chi?
Lisa: I didn't write a wish. I wrote a message to you all.
Lisa: Thanks for such a fun day. We should all hang out again sometime!
Kokoro: "Yeah! I'd love to, Lisa! Ohhh! I already can't wait!"
(Black cut)
