event103-01 Opening: Super Nice Idea

It's the end of winter break. Moca sighs on the job. It appears she has some regrets...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Lisa Imai)

[Convenience Store]

Lisa: ... Okay! All done with that. Now for~... Hm. I should get to the orders I guess.
Lisa: Now that winter's come, more students are stopping by. We're gonna have to start bringing in more treats.
Moca: When you're on the job... and thinking about what sells and stuff, it sure does hit you... Yep, winter break is really over... Sigh~.
Lisa: Wow, what a sigh.
Lisa: What's wrong? I almost never hear you sigh like that, Moca.
Moca: Hmm... It's probably because I wish I did more.
Lisa: Did more? You mean during the vacation?
Moca: Yeah~.
Moca: What had happened was, I went with my family to China Town. This is something we had planned for a while. I was so looking forward to going with everyone, but...
Lisa: But~...?
Moca: When we got there, there were so many people, we could hardly make our way around the shops~.
Moca: And we were only able to stop at about half of the shops on our eating tour. It was like my fire was put out before I could get heated up.
Lisa: Oh man, that's a real downer. I'm surprised to hear that China Town was that crowded though.
Lisa: I've actually never been. I've been invited to go countless times, and I'd love to see it, but I just never seem to have the time.
Moca: Is that right~? I wouldn't have guessed.
Moca: I see... So you have never been to China Town, and I am not happy with how my eating tour ended.
Moca: If we consider that my next day off matches up with yours~, where exactly does that leave us~?
Lisa: Going to China Town together?
Moca: Ding ding ding. We have a winner~.
Lisa: Yay! ... Wait, are you being serious? I actually would really like that.
Moca: I've never been more serious. Let's get to planning once our shifts are over~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After Work]

[Walking Home]

Lisa: Hold on! You can walk and have Peking duck at the same time?!
Moca: Of course you can~. Okay, I'll send you a list of all the shops we can stop by on our food tour later~.
Lisa: Awesome! Thanks, Moca! Ooo, I absolutely cannot wait!
Kokoro: Hey, you two! What's got you so excited?
Lisa: Ah! K-Kokoro?!
Moca: I think my heart stopped for a second~.
Kokoro: I was on my way home from the studio when I saw you, so I ran over! Misaki's here too!
Misaki: S-so sorry... She was too fast... I couldn't stop her...
Lisa: Ahaha... At ease, Misaki.
Kokoro: What were you guys talking about? Sounded like a lot of fun. I just gotta know!
Lisa: Moca and I are gonna go to China Town this weekend, so we were making plans.
Lisa: ... Well, I've never been there, so more like Moca's been letting me know the plan.
Kokoro: Wonderful! I love China Town!
Misaki: Wait, what? This is the first time I'm hearing of it.
Kokoro: Oh, really? Hina and I were having a fun conversation about it the other day! It's so lively, and it puts a smile on your face! What a lovely place!
Lisa: Now that you mention it, I'm pretty sure I've gotten China-Town souvenirs from Hina a number of times.
Lisa: Hm~... I guess in that case, would you guys like to come?
Lisa: Like I said, this is my first time, so Moca's doing all the heavy lifting at the moment. It'd be nice to get some recommendations from you, if that's okay.
Kokoro: Why don't we invite Hina and all go together?! That'd make for the funnest day possible!
Moca: Sounds like a plan~. I get the feeling it'll be a never-ending roller coaster of events~.
Misaki: We don't have anything scheduled for this weekend, so that should be fine for us. We just have to check with Hina-san.
Moca: No need to make anyone go out of their way. We'll just be flexible.
Kokoro: I'm sure Hina will be able to go! I'll ask her about it later!
Lisa: Thank you, Kokoro.
Lisa: Alrighty, we'll start by coming up with shops we want to go to, then we can all decide. I'll look at some magazines and stuff, get a few ideas and-
Moca: Hold your horses, Lisa-san~.
Lisa: Huh...? What? What's wrong?
Moca: Heh heh heh~. I just came up with a brilliant idea~.
Moca: I call it "The Perfect Food Tour: Pleasing Lisa-san Edition"!
Lisa: Uhhh... What's that supposed to mean?
Moca: You leave the prep to the rest of us~.
Moca: We'll plan the tour that will bring you the most enjoyment for your first time in China Town~. You just look forward to our trip.
Misaki: So we're creating a surprise tour.
Kokoro: How lovely! I'm happy to do it!
Misaki: Yeah, I can't say I like always leaving everything to Lisa-san to take care of. I think it's a good idea.
Lisa: What?! But preparing for something like that is pretty tough... I don't know, I feel kinda bad.
Moca: Don't you worry your pretty little head. Put your trust in us. You are in great hands~.
Kokoro: Yep. We're gonna put a smile on that face!
Lisa: Hmmm... Fine. If you really want to, I guess I can let you guys take care of it.
Lisa: Just so you know, I expect an awesome day!
