event103-04 Chapter 3: Suddenly Dependable

The girls borrow outfits for a commemorative photo. Misaki and Moca, however, are unsure about which outfit to choose.

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Photo Studio]

Lisa: Okay, so with this event, you can borrow different types of outfits and take pictures with them!
Lisa: There's a photo-studio course, an outside-photoshoot course... Oh, they have a food-tour course!
Kokoro: So we can walk around town with the outfits that we borrow? That's wonderful!
Hina: Yeah, but then when we're done, we gotta come back and return them. Maybe we should just stick with the photos for today.
Moca: Not to mention how crazy the outside photoshoot would be with all those people out there~.
Kokoro: Yeah, you're right. 'Kay, let's do the photo-studio course then!
Kokoro: First, we have to choose which dresses we wanna wear. Hmm, which one should I go with?
Lisa: You see so many of these in movies all the time! Like this one... They wear this in those Peking operas, right?
Lisa: On top of that, they let you borrow accessories too. There are too many choices! How can I decide~?! Maybe I'll choose a few things and take a bunch of pictures.
Kokoro: Great idea! I'll do that too!
Hina: Me too, me too! Okay, my first outfit will be~...
(Black cut)

[15 Minutes Later]

Misaki: Hmmm~...
Moca: Misaki-chin, you're giving this a lot of thought, huh?
Misaki: Ngh... Have you already decided, Aoba-san?
Moca: Maybe, maybe not~...
Moca: Everything looks good on me, so it takes a long time to finally pick something~.
Misaki: Oh, c'mon. So you haven't decided, then.
Moca: Huh. I guess you're right~.
Lisa: Ahaha. Just like we thought, you two are still trying to decide.
Moca: This may be the most embarrassing moment of my life~.
Misaki: Having so many choices actually makes it harder.
Lisa: Yeah, sometimes having a lot to choose from makes the decision take longer.
Lisa: Let me see... If it were up to me, I would choose this for you, Misaki.
Lisa: You have this image of wearing gray or blue or whatever, but I think you'd look good in a brighter, more flowery color like orange too!
Misaki: Really? I don't know...
Lisa: It's not only about choosing something bright though... Look! You can wear something that has one part that stands out like this...
Lisa: That way, you're not wearing something too over the top. It'll be nice.
Moca: Wow~. You're right. I think that'd look good on her.
Misaki: O-okay...
Lisa: As for Moca, hm~... Yes, you might look good in everything, but... let's go for something more mature this time! Like a darker green sort of thing, you know?
Lisa: You don't get to be part of an event every day, so this is the perfect chance to do something a little different than usual.
Lisa: And you can't forget the fan of course! Maybe you wouldn't need it if you were walking around, but this is for a commemorative photo, and the fan will make it all the better!
Misaki: Whoa... Yep, no question. That'll look good on you, Aoba-san.
Moca: Really~? Awesome~. Guess I'll go with this then~.
Misaki: ... And I'll go with Lisa-san's recommendation as well.
Misaki: Man, you're impressive as always, Lisa-san, being able to come up with these outfits in no time.
Misaki: If you were running a shop, I might end up buying everything...
Hina: Hey~, you two did a no-no~.
Hina: You weren't supposed to rely on Lisa-chi today, right~?
Misaki & Moca: Oh...
Lisa: Wait, what? What are you talking about?
Misaki: Uhhh... A-ahaha~. Well, we're gonna go change. Be right back~.
Moca: Those two are done changing already, Lisa-san~. You might wanna hurry~.
Lisa: Uh-oh, you're right! I'll get it done in a flash!
Misaki & Moca: Sigh~...
Misaki: Man, I completely forgot we weren't supposed to be asking her for help. I gotta do better.
Moca: Same~. Let's try to be more careful~.
Lisa: ...?
Kokoro: Lisa~! The photoshoot is starting!
Hina: That looks great on you, Kokoro-chan! Hurry, Lisa-chi~! Join us!
Lisa: Hm~... Well, whatever. I'm sure if something is bothering them, they'll let me know.
Lisa: They worked so hard on this plan, just for me. I'm not gonna worry, I'm just gonna have fun♪
