event103-02 Chapter 1: For the Hard Workers

Kokoro and the others think up a tour that will satisfy Lisa. They each try recommending a store.

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Hina Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kokoro: Okay, let's start planning!
Moca & Hina: Yeah~. Yeah!
Misaki: So Kokoro is leading, huh...? I guess that's fine.
Misaki: I'm more surprised by the fact that you were able to free up your schedule so much, Hina-san, not only for the day of but for planning too.
Hina: Well~, I actually wasn't free for either.
Misaki: What?! D-does that mean... you're skipping work...?!
Hina: Ahaha, of course not~!
Hina: I made sure to finish up what I had to do beforehand. That was kinda already the plan, so this was perfect timing~.
Misaki: That's good... That means you can enjoy today and our trip without worrying.
Hina: Exactly! So? What are we gonna start with?
Kokoro: The shops we're gonna stop by, of course! I know a lot of good ones!
Moca: Yep~, I do too~.
Misaki: Cool, so we can start by taking turns and talking about the shops we recommend.
Hina: Okay~! Take it away, Kokoro-chan...
(Black cut)

[1 Hour Later]

Hina: What~?! You don't know about this shop?! Then we definitely have to go here!
Kokoro: Okay, that's another one. Where should we go after that?
Misaki: What about this one? The last time I went, it had nice food, nice vibes...
Moca: Very nice~. Alright, so for sweets, we'll go to this place we mentioned before, and to end things off, we'll go to the place Misaki-chin recommended... And, done~.
Kokoro & Hina: Yay~! We did it~!
Moca: I'll send you all the complete version later~.
Hina: Okay! Thanks, Moca-chan!
Hina: By the way, Moca-chan... You're the one who came up with this idea, right? Why'd you want to do a make-Lisa-chi-happy tour?
Hina: This sort of planning seems like something Lisa-chi would like to do. I don't think she would've minded.
Moca: Hmmm, just an urge, I guess~.
Hina: Are you sure~?
Moca: Pretty sure~. Oh , but maybe... I did have one reason.
Moca: So recently, we've been getting new people starting at the convenience store. Lisa-san and I have been teaching them.
Moca: She's been even more caring and supportive than usual. A real hard worker, that one.
Misaki: Yeah... I could see that.
Kokoro: She is very nice!
Moca: It was just like when I first started, so seeing that reminded me of those days.
Moca: So, you know, I was thinking about how it's nice to be able to let someone else take care of everything once in a while.
Moca: I mean, really, I just randomly decided that this is what I wanted to do. I'm telling you, it was just an urge~.
Hina: Uh-huh, I see...
Hina: Yeah, Lisa-chi seems like the type that you have to force to rest.
Hina: She probably doesn't even realize how hard she's working, so you're right, it is nice to have a day like that every now and then.
Moca: Aha, so you see Lisa-san that way too, Hina-senpai~.
Hina: I do~. I'm always thinking, "Welp, she's at it again~."
Hina: You know, though~... You have to be pretty nice to worry about your upperclassman like that, Moca-chan.
Kokoro: You're using your day off to help Lisa relax... What a sweetheart! That's wonderful, Moca!
Moca: No~, it's no big deal~.
Misaki: ... Aoba-san's impressive, not being fazed by one of Kokoro's straightforward comments...
Misaki: Anyway, putting that aside... We've got her reason. The only thing left to do is to wait for the day of.
Kokoro: Ooo, I can't wait. C'mon, weekend! Hurry up!
Hina: Ahaha, don't worry. It'll be here in no time.
Hina: This is for Lisa-chi... and for Moca-chan. Let's show Lisa-chi the time of her life~!
