event103-03 Chapter 2: Kokoro's Idea of Satisfaction

They begin their food tour in Chinatown. Things are proceeding according to plan and seem to be going well, but...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[China Town]

Lisa: Are you sure this is okay? I haven't planned anything at all, you know.
Kokoro: Of course! You just let us take care of everything!
Moca: Wow~. Such reassuring words.
Hina: Welp, either way, it's too late now. You might as well stop thinking about it, Lisa-chi.
Lisa: Y-yeah, but still~.
Kokoro: Alrighty, here we go!
Moca: The Perfect Food Tour: Pleasing Lisa-san Edition begins~!
(Black cut)

[1 Hour Later]

Misaki: Wow, the xiao long bao from this shop are amazing.
Lisa: Mmm, I know! They're so soft...! I could eat these all day!
Lisa: Wouldn't wanna do that though. There's more in store. Wonder what we'll be having next.
Hina: Okay, settle down. Let's see, the next shop is~...
Kokoro: It's the one I recommended! 'Kay, let's go!
Lisa: We've had a few salty dishes, so I'm gonna guess that something sweet comes next. Fufu, I can't wait~♪
Misaki: ... Lisa-san's having a lot of fun.
Hina: She's so cute when she's all excited like that.
Moca: That certainly puts me at ease~.
Moca: I think it's smooth sailing from here~... Hm? Well, well, what is this?
Misaki: What's the matter?
Moca: Look at that billboard, Misaki-chin~.
Misaki: Which one...? Oh, that? It says... there's an event going on?
Misaki: "Take photos in traditional Chinese garb and take part in a lion dance or a mini dragon dance." Huh. So they do stuff like that too.
Moca: "Only for a limited time! We'll be waiting!" Hear that?
Misaki: I mean, yeah, sounds fun, but we should probably forget about that for now, right? We already put that entire plan together.
Misaki: The real problem is that the billboard would definitely catch Kokoro's attention. If we just take advantage of the crowd and move quickly-
Kokoro: Hina, look! They're doing a special event!
Hina: Whoa, you're right! That sounds awesome!
Lisa: Lion dance. Dragon dance. Hm. I've never seen a dragon dance. That might be interesting.
Kokoro: Oh, you haven't? We should all watch it together, then!
Hina: Count me in~! Moca-chan, Misaki-chan! Let's do that!
Moca: Looks like we were too late~.
Misaki: Not to mention, Lisa-san seems interested in it too. Sigh...
Misaki: Seriously, what are we gonna do? Like you said, things are going really well. I feel like it'd be better to just stick to the plan.
Moca: Hm~...
Kokoro: ...? What are you two thinking so hard about?
Misaki: What do you mean? You do realize we have something planned, right?
Misaki: So we have the tour we all worked so hard to put together, which we obviously want to finish, and this event that's only open for a limited time. Kinda hard to overlook either of them...
Moca: Okay. Let's go to the event~.
Misaki: Wait, are you serious?
Moca: As serious as a bun shortage~.
Moca: I just have a good feeling about today. I'm sure if we go to the event, everything will turn out fine~.
Kokoro: I'm not sure I follow, but... as long as it feels right, that's all that matters!
Misaki: You're just saying random stuff again.
Kokoro: Hm? No, it's not random. You heard Lisa say she wants to see the dragon dance, right?!
Kokoro: This is the "Perfect Food Tour: Pleasing Lisa-san Edition," so the whole point is to make sure she has fun!
Misaki: Well, yeah... I guess so...
Kokoro: Exactly! So, what are waiting for?!
Moca: She totally owned you, Misaki-chin~.
Misaki: That's... not the problem here...
Moca: Heh heh heh~. Okay, what should we start with~?
Hina: I know~! I wanna take photos~!
Lisa: I think I'll stick with the dragon dance. There's still some time until it starts though...
Kokoro: Same for the lion dance. That means we should go with Hina's plan. Let's go try on some Chinese dresses!
Lisa: Alrighty. C'mon!
Misaki: Okay~.
Misaki: Everything will turn out fine, huh...? I sure hope so...
