event103-05 Chapter 4: Heart-Pounding Lion Dance

The girls get close to the dancing lion moving through the town. That's when Hina says something unsettling...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[China Town]

Kokoro: We got some terrific pictures!
Hina: I'm sure glad we decided to take more than one. Look, this is the pose that Aya-chan is always doing.
Moca: Ohhh~! The fluffy-pink thing, right~?
Lisa: Ahaha! I didn't notice until now!
Lisa: They really are good pictures though. I'm gonna have to go shopping for some frames I can decorate with.
Kokoro: Great idea! I'm gonna add them to my album!
Lisa: I know I made you guys change your plan, but I'm glad we decided to take part in the event! Uhhh, okay, next up is...
Kokoro: The lion dance!
Hina: Speaking of that, based on what was written on the billboard, it should be soon. I'm pretty sure the lion is supposed to come marching through the streets!
Moca: Here it comes, right on cue~.
Kokoro: Wow, the lion dancer is here! Let's get a closer look!
Misaki: Whoa~. It's a lot more intense when you're this close, huh~?
Lisa: It makes that movement kinda scary. Uh-oh! Someone just got bitten!
Kokoro: You're right! What's with the biting?
Lisa: I think I remember hearing that if you have it bite your head, it's supposed to be good luck or something like that.
Moca: It's like the lion is eating all the bad stuff~.
Kokoro: Lovely! Misaki, let's get bitten!
Hina: Better be careful~. I don't think the lion dance has only the power to give good luck.
Misaki: Huh? What do you mean...?
Hina: People don't really know about this, but not everyone's luck becomes better.
Hina: They say that those who do bad things every day actually end up with worse luck!
Lisa: What? That's the first time I've ever heard of that. So what would happen if your luck became worse?
Hina: Uhhh, like right before you try to eat a sesame dango, it falls on the floor or something like that.
Lisa: You definitely just made that up.
Hina: I'm telling the truth~. If you don't wanna believe me, that's fine.
Hina: Anyway, no time to think! The lion is here!
Misaki: Huh? Whoa, there it is.
Misaki: ... Gulp.
Misaki: Uh, Hina-san, you were just kidding, right? Because I already got bitten during the New-Year's lion dance...
Hina: Hey~? You think I'm lying too~? You guys are so mean~.
Misaki: You were kidding, right?
Hina: Who can really say for sure? It could be true.
Misaki: What?! H-hey... Hold on...!
Moca: Now to find out what lies in store for Misaki-chin~.
Hina: Ahaha! I'm just playing around!
Hina: You don't have to worry, Misaki-chan. Lisa-chi was right. I just randomly made all that stuff up.
Misaki: Phew... Thank goodness...
Hina: I didn't expect you to react in such a funny way. That was totally boppin'♪
Lisa: Hey, that's no way to act as her upperclassman.
Hina: Ehehe. Okay~, I'm sorry~.
Misaki: Sorry about that, Lisa-san. Thanks for the help.
Misaki: ... Wait, does that mean I relied on Lisa-san just now?!
Moca: Hmm, Hina-senpai did get you, that's for sure~.
Misaki: Sigh. That makes two times today. I need to get it together.
Lisa: Get what together?
Misaki: Nothing, never mind.
Moca: Just something between us.
Lisa: Is that right...?
Misaki: Sigh~... Well, we got through the lion dance. Should we move to the next thing?
Misaki: If we drag our feet for too long, Kokoro might end up disappearing on us... Wait, Kokoro?
Lisa: Uh-oh, did she really wander off?
Hina: Kokoro-chan sure doesn't waste a second~!
Misaki: This isn't the time to be impressed.
Misaki: But I guess she's always taking off somewhere. I'm sure she's nearby.
Lisa: Of course you'd be used to this, Misaki.
Lisa: It'd be worrying if she were gone for too long, though, so let's split up and look around here.
Hina: Okay! Then let's meet back here in fifteen minutes!
Moca: Aye aye, captain~.
Misaki: Sigh... Kokoro~, where are you~?
