event103-06 Chapter 5: Kokoro's Way to Adventure

The four girls go on a search for the missing Kokoro. They're looking for clues when...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[China Town]

Kokoro: That lion dancer was so very weird but also super cute.
Kokoro: Oh? There's another lion dancer over there! Lion dancer! Come! Let's play!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Weird. Pretty sure this is where he went. Hey, Misaki! ... Misaki?
Kokoro: ...!! Oh no! When did everyone disappear?!
Kokoro: I have to hurry and find them! Hmmm, where would they go...?
(Black cut)

[Meanwhile...]

Lisa: Kokoro~! Kokoro~... It's no good. I don't think she's here. Where could she have gone?
Hina: This is weird~. She'll disappear sometimes when we're hanging out too, but I always find her right away~.
Misaki: Man... I'd say she's completely lost at this point. And assuming nothing has changed, she probably doesn't even realize it.
Moca: She might actually think that we're the ones who are lost and start looking for us, huh~?
Lisa: Okay, then how do we find her?
Hina: A hint would be nice~.
Moca: Want a hint? Hm~... Hm? Hey, it's kinda noisy over there, isn't it?
Hina: Oh, the dragon dance must have started. This is around when the billboard said it would begin.
Moca: Aw man~. And I thought that'd be the hint we needed~.
Lisa: The dragon dance... That's right!
Lisa: Guys, isn't there a good chance that she goes there?
Hina: Oh! Yeah, that sounds right!
Misaki: C'mon, no way she would... Well, this is Kokoro we're talking about, never mind.
Misaki: Now that you mention it, you did say that you might be interested in seeing the dragon dance when we first saw that billboard, right?
Misaki: She may not seem like it, but Kokoro actually listens pretty closely to what other people are saying and remembers the smallest details. In other words...
Lisa: In her effort to find us, she might go somewhere she thinks I would wanna go.
Misaki: Right.
Hina: Hm~... Well, we don't have any other leads. Let's take a look then.
Lisa: Yeah!
(Black cut)

[Dragon Dance Area]

Kokoro: You guys! I knew you'd be here!
Misaki: Kokoro!
Lisa: Thank goodness... Ugh, we were worried about you, you know!
Kokoro: Oh, you were? That's so nice of you. Thanks.
Kokoro: I'm okay though. Besides, the timing is perfect! C'mon!
Moca: Where are we going~?
Kokoro: Isn't it obvious?! We're taking part in the dragon dance!
Kokoro: Lisa said she was interested, right? That's why I told the person in charge that we would participate!
Kokoro: I entered us as a group, of course!
Hina: Ahaha! Classic Kokoro-chan! Sure didn't see that one coming!
Moca: I have to agree with you there~.
Dragon Dance Staff: We are now ready for the next customer! Can the Tsurumaki party please come this way?
Kokoro: Okay~! Look, we're being called!
Lisa: Uh, I did say I was interested, but... What...?!
Misaki: Lisa-san. It's too late. Nothing you say will change a thing. Might as well give up.
Hina: Yay! Let's go~♪
Lisa: What~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After the Dragon Dance]

Kokoro: That was super-duper fun, huh, guys?
Lisa: That was even harder than it looks... But I think we did surprisingly well, right?
Lisa: Sigh... Ahaha, it's kinda strange. It's hard to believe that we were worried about Kokoro being lost just a little while ago.
Misaki: Sorry. She ended up being a headache, didn't she?
Lisa: It's fine! It's like... it didn't feel like a burden.
Lisa: Yeah, we were running around like crazy looking for her, but... it seems more correct to say that we were taken on a little adventure.
Moca: Ahhh, yeah, I think I get what you mean.
Moca: We were all shocked at first, but that free time we had where we were wondering what to do was taken care of in an instant.
Lisa: Right! I always thought this is what it's like, but I'm really happy now that I've been able to experience it.
Lisa: This must be what it's like for everyone in Hello, Happy World! who choose to spend so much time with Kokoro.
Misaki: I'd say it's always more "dragged into" than "taken on" an adventure, though...
Lisa: Ahaha! Hey, but that's just the way Kokoro is, right?
Moca: Just like being on a roller coaster, huh~?
Hina: Yeah~! That's the perfect description for Kokoro-chan!
Kokoro: You guys! They asked me if we wanna do it again! C'mon!
Lisa: Okay~! Alrighty, ready to go on our adventure?
Misaki: Fufu. Sure, let's do it.
