event78-07 Ending: The Road One Should Run

Ako does everything she can to convey the concept of cool to the others. How do they react...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Well]

Ako: ... And then, at the end, Sayo-san would be all like "bwowww," and the power of darkness would be like "boom!"
Ran: ...
Ako: And then I'd come in with a "ba-da ba-da ba-da kshhh" to close it out!!
Asuka: ... I see.
Ako: And that's everything! That's the super cool, explosive, power-of-darkness Roselia concert I came up with! What do you all think?!
Ako: I took all of the cool stuff and gave it shape through a performance. I figured this would be the best way to explain what's cool.
Ran: That sure was... something.
Moca: It was like we completely entered Ako-chin's world~.
Ako: Right?!
Moca: Especially how everything started with Minato-san summoning you all with that spell. That really gave that Ako-chin feeling.
Ran: Wait... "Yukina-san uses a cool darkness spell and everyone comes out"... That's what you meant by that?
Ako: Yep, sure did!
Asuka: Uhhh, so what does "excitement fills the air and this really powerful darkness inside me is restored" mean?
Ako: It's... exactly what it sounds like! The power of darkness is restored~!
Moca: That probably refers to how the crowd starts to get excited and Ako-chin's performance is all like... "whoaaa," right?
Ako: Yeah! It goes "whoaaa!"
Asuka: It goes 'whoa', huh...?
Ran: At the very least, I've learned that the power of darkness is not to be messed with.
Asuka: Okay, so...
Asuka: What is "cool" supposed to mean...? The power of darkness...?
Ako: What~?! But I just explained it~!
Ako: Having a performance like the one I just told you about is what it means to be cool!
Ako: Everyone gets pumped up like "whoaaa" with the power of darkness, and all of that power from us five Roselia members becomes one...
Asuka: Well, Roselia is cool. I kind of got that part.
Asuka: And the same goes for that thing you like... The darkness thing. I got that too.
Moca: Welp, I guess as long as you understand that Ako-chin thinks those things are cool, then that's fine, right~?
Ako: Nghhh!! But if I could explain it better, then it would make more sense how cool Roselia is...
Ako: Grrr~... I'm gonna get better and better at getting people to understand~!
Moca: That's the right attitude, Ako-kun!
Rokka: Ako-chan, Asuka-chan! Next period won't be held in the regular classroom! We should go!
Ako: Moca-chin, thanks for all your help. And Ran-chan, Sis, thanks for listening!
Asuka: Uh-oh, this next teacher is scary when angry! C'mon!
Moca: See ya later, Ako-chin~.
Ran: Moca, how did you understand what she was saying?
Moca: Hm~? Well, I already have an idea of what she likes. I was able to create the scene with that, more or less.
Moca: Man~, don't you think what Ako-chin did there was pretty cool?
Ran: What do you mean?
Moca: Sure, there were parts that were hard to understand, but it seemed like she knew exactly what she wanted to do.
Moca: Wanting to communicate that to others, she challenged herself and did something she's not very good at, and did her best to think about what the word "cool" actually means.
Moca: It looked like the others were lost in the end, but that didn't stop her from saying she would continue trying to find a way to explain the idea of cool.
Moca: It just made me think that Ako-chin is just like Tomo-chin and Minato-san. Once she decides she's going to do something, she believes in it and runs with it.
Moca: That's what I mean... Hey~, Ran, Tomo-chin. Are you two listening~?
Ran: Oh, yeah, we're listening...
Tomoe: That was, uh, quite the little speech you gave there.
Moca: Oh, really~?
Ran: So there are things besides bread that you're passionate about.
Moca: Ugh~, that's what you have to say~?
Ran: I actually realized something while you were talking.
Ran: Ako's not only trying to be like someone she admires. She hopes to become someone she can think of as cool. I'm sure that's the path she's taking.
Moca: Isn't Ako-chin so cool~, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: Ahaha... That's better than the compliments being aimed at me.  Still, I'll be there while Ako is running her own path.
Tomoe: I gotta keep moving too. I can't let her outdo me.
Moca: And maybe I'll become cool like Ako-chin~. She can be Master Ako.
Tomoe: If you plan to show respect to Ako as a master, don't forget about Ako's teacher, Master Tomoe.
Ran: Master Tomoe sounds like she'd be overbearing.
Tomoe: Hey, don't say that!
Ran: What I really wanna know is what Moca thinks of as cool.
Moca: Sorry, that's a secret~.
Moca: (Creating your own path after following someone for so long, carrying through with something you decided on...)
Moca: (Those are the things I should be doing. I guess that's what "cool" is to me.)
Moca: (... Yep. I hope I can become... that "cool" me.)
