event78-03 Chapter 2: Thinking of "Cool"

Moca helps Ako think about the concept of being cool. How exactly do they go about that...?

(Character: Moca Aoba, Ako Udagawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Moca: Now for the first "Think of What Ako-chin Means by Cool" Meeting. Yay~.
Ako: Yay~!
Moca: Now that we have our drinks and our yummy cake, let's get the cogs turning~.
Moca: Now, Ako Udagawa-kun! I want you to write everything you think is cool.
Ako: Huh? All of it?
Moca: Yes. There was one time when Afterglow was writing lyrics as a group, and we listed up a bunch of stuff that we thought counted as our new "same as always."
Moca: I feel like that worked out pretty well. You should give it a try~.
Ako: G-got it! What do I think of as cool...?
(Black cut)
Ako: Hm, I think these are all the first things that come to mind.
Moca: Mhm. Yes... And this...? Okay, I see...
Ako: Wait! Moca-chin, you're already onto something?!
Moca: Nuh-uh. Nothing at all. "Roselia, Tomo-chin... Necromancer..."?
Ako: Necromancer is the class I use in NFO! You can control the power of darkness, and the equipment is so cool! It's black, and dark, and... cool!
Moca: So you think that the power of darkness is what makes something cool? Hmmm. Does that mean that Tomo-chin is a wielder of that power too?
Ako: Hmmm, I don't think Sis falls into that category. But she is cool!
Moca: What about the members of Roselia?
Ako: Yeah!! Roselia gives off the power-of-darkness vibe!!
Moca: ...
Ako: Moca-chin?
Moca: ... Timeout. I need to replenish my sugar supply with some cake~.
Ako: Okay! I'll have some too! Down the hatch you go~!
Moca: Phew, I think this meeting is gonna be longer than I thought.
Ako: I'm sorry, Moca-chin...
Moca: Oh, no, no big deal~. It also means I get to eat a lot more cake.
Ako: Oh yeah! You and Ran-chan do a thing that's cool too!
Moca: Ran and I do? Really?
Ako: Mhm! Every member of Afterglow's cool, but the whole thing you and Ran-chan have where you don't have to say what you mean to understand each other? Don't you think that's cool?
Moca: Fufufu~, so you noticed that, did you~?
Ako: Ehehe, sure did~♪ I bet if you two were to play NFO, you could watch each other's back easily and plow through monsters.
Ako: "Moca, I got this!" "Ran, here we go!" That sort of thing!!
Moca: Ahaha, thank you very much. You wanna be like Tomo-chin though, right~?
Ako: Yeah, but still, you and Ran-chan are cool too!
Moca: Much appreciated~. Man, your list of cool is all over the place. This is hard even for Moca-sensei~.
Ako: Ngh, I'm sorry, Moca-chin...
Moca: No worries. You know though, you didn't go on and on about the power of darkness back then. When exactly did these powers awaken?
Ako: Hmmm~, when did I start liking it? I don't remember.
Moca: Before that... what were you like again?
Ako: Uhhh... Not very different, I think~.
Moca: Yeah, you were always pretty energetic. I remember when we played together you would volunteer to be "it" whenever we played Tag.
Ako: Yep! Because you get to run a lot! I may not be very fast, but I've always loved moving around.
Moca: So you haven't changed much, but I think you like a lot more stuff than you used to.
Moca: And with those things, all of these people have become cool because... Hm~, nope. No good. Need more sugar. Excuse me~. Can I get another cake set~?
Ako: What?! You're gonna get more?!
Moca: I'm low on sugar. I can't get my brain working otherwise~.
Ako: O-oh. Is that what it is?
Moca: That's exactly what it is.
Moca: (A relationship where you don't have to say what you mean for the other to understand, huh...?)
Moca: (I don't think that's actually the case, though~.)
