event78-04 Chapter 3: The Origin of Cool

Ako and Rinko message each other. Ako begins to explain why cool things appeal to her so much.

(Character: Moca Aoba, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Shirokane/Udagawa Residence]

Rinko: ... Okay. That's the end of the daily missions. Great work today, Ako-chan.
Ako: You too! Ahhh, yep. There's never any reason to doubt how fun and cool NFO is.
Rinko: ... Ako-chan? What makes you say that...?
(Black cut)
Rinko: Oh... So right now... you're thinking over the meaning... of the word "cool," correct?
Ako: Mhm. Moca-chin has been helping me out, but it hasn't gone very well so far.
Rinko: Ako-chan... Do you remember... when you started finding cool stuff so appealing?
Ako: Hmmm... Well, I've always wanted to be like my sister, ever since I was really little. She's so nice, and she would help me when I needed her, and she's cool...
Ako: Ah! Now that I think about it, I might have picked up the word from her.
Ako: She used to say that a bunch of things were cool when she was younger.
Rinko: What kind of things?
Ako: Like~... the color red!
Ako: Do you know what Nin-Vincible is, Rin-rin?
Rinko: Mhm... I watched it sometimes as a kid... It was one of those hero shows, right?
Ako: Yeah! Sis used to talk about how cool Invinci-Red was! Same for the color!
Rinko: Fufu.
Ako: Oh, but I liked Invinci-Black! Do you know that character?!
Rinko: Sorry... I didn't watch it that often...
Ako: Invinci-Black was super cool! That character joins the team later in the show, but before that, no one knows anything about Invinci-Black!
Ako: Red and the others are in a corner, and Black shows up to help them out and has a bunch of info on the enemies...
Ako: It turns out that Black was a spy sent by the enemy but couldn't fight the feelings that had grown for Red and the others while watching out for them, so they all stay friends!
Ako: Even though they were fighting for justice, Black worried about using dark powers to battle enemies. I thought that was so cool~.
Rinko: Oh... So that must be why... you chose the class in NFO... related to darkness...?
Ako: Ah...! Yeah, that might be why! Maybe the color is one of the reasons I thought the necromancer was cool.
Ako: Ah, but you know, I came to think that black is cool like my sister thought red was cool, so...
Ako: I thought that maybe if I find a bunch of cool stuff, that I could become like my sister.
Ako: And to me, that meant jumping into different game worlds, the color black...
Rinko: And that's... how you came across NFO...
Ako: Mhm! I found the necromancer class in NFO, I went wild with the power of darkness, and then I found you, Rin-rin!
Ako: You unlocked the power of darkness that was inside of me.
Rinko: Huh?! I-I did...?
Ako: When I mentioned how cool I thought it was, you taught me about black magic and all types of mythological stuff like that!
Ako: If I hadn't been looking for cool stuff, I would have never met you, and my dark powers would have never awakened! And I don't think I would be a part of Roselia either!
Ako: So I'm very grateful to my sister for showing me what "cool" is, and I'm grateful to you for teaching me everything you've taught me.
Rinko: Ako-chan...
Ako: And since so much effort went into teaching me the idea of cool, I wanna be able to tell people about it and have them understand me...
Rinko: If it's too hard to put into words...
Rinko: Why not try a different way...? Like putting what you feel... into a musical performance...
Ako: A different way...?
Ako: Yeah! That could work! I'll create something filled with all the stuff I think is cool! That should make it really easy to understand, right?
Rinko: Mhm! I have a hard time... using my words to explain things too...
Rinko: So... I've put my thoughts and feelings... into performances... and costume designs...
Ako: Rin-rin, you're always so smart! Thanks!
Rinko: I'm glad... I can help...
Rinko: (Ako-chan shows so much love for the things that she likes... That's what makes her so wonderful...)
Rinko: (That's what makes her cool.)
Rinko: (I hope... she's able to show... that side of her too...)
Rinko: You can do this, Ako-chan.
Ako: I'll do my best! And thanks for your help, Rin-rin!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Aoba Residence - Moca's Room]

Moca: "Cool," huh~?
Moca: (From my point of view, putting my thoughts and feelings into words is...)
Moca: (Kinda scary.)
Moca: ...
Moca: (I decided I would catch up though. Man, this isn't good.)
Moca: Good luck, Ako-chin~!
