event78-06 Chapter 5: Gathering of Glorious Darkness

It's recess time once again. Ako brings together Ran, Asuka and the others. Something begins before the nervous group's very eyes...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Well]

Ran: Wait, she's actually doing it here...?
Moca: I guess so~. This is where Ako-chin said to be!
Asuka: Oh! Afterglow...!
Tomoe: Hey! Asuka and Rokka, right? Thanks for always hanging out with Ako!
Moca: Did Ako-chin ask you two to come here as well?
Rokka: Y-yes! She did.
Ran: More importantly, where is Ako?
Ako: Heh heh heh…… It is I, the fallen angel who descends from the world of monsters and spirits... The great demon princess Ako!
All: ...
Ako: And now that great princess, with the power of darkness, calls you all to the illusion that is the gathering!!
Ran: What's all that supposed to mean, Moca...?
Moca: ... I think she's saying she's gonna show us her idea for a Roselia concert.
Ran: Oh...
Moca: My language-arts expertise at work.
Ako: Now! The illusionary world awaits!!
Ako: (That was perfect! Thanks for the cool lines, Rin-rin!)
(Black cut)
Yukina: ...
Yukina: The eternal darkness commands thy resonance...
Yukina: Ye who would harmonize with my bellowing voice. Ye who hold the pride of the blue rose within. Come forth! Appear hither!!
Lisa: ...
Sayo: ...
Rinko: ...
Ako: ...
Yukina: Relinquish thine ephemeral garbs and unveil thy true forms!
(Black cut)
Yukina: Let this gathering... be forever blazed into thy pupils and thy memory!
Ako: These spirits answer the call! Through their echos, sorcery is reawakened within my arms! Let the souls that have once passed return again!
Rinko: Ye whom darkness everlasting hath restored, bestow upon the great demon princess yet greater power!!
Yukina: Thus follows the bequeathment...
Sayo: ...
Ako: May the gathering of eternity commence!!
(Black cut)
Lisa: As we conclude this gathering, let us summon the demonic dragon with a ballad.
Yukina: Hear our call and reveal thyself, Dragon of Umbral Flames!!
(Black cut)
Yukina: ...
(White cut)
