event78-01 Opening: Insufficient Words

It's recess time. Ako passionately explains why Roselia is so cool, but Asuka and the others don't really get it...

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Ako: Hngh~!! Finally lunchtime... I'm so hungry~.
Asuka: I knew the classes at Haneoka would be hard. And you've been doing this for a while now, huh, Ako? Impressive.
Ako: It's because I was born from the darkness... So, uh, I have the power, you know?!
Asuka: Oh, okay... Ah, Rokka, you should have lunch with us.
Rokka: Y-yeah! Sure!
Ako: I have to eat and get all the energy I can. I have Roselia rehearsal today!
Asuka: Rehearsal seems pretty tough. My sister usually comes home all worn out.
Rokka: I can imagine Roselia's are really hard...
Ako: Super-duper hard! It's fine though! I love Roselia! And I wanna make the band even cooler than it already is! So I'm okay with it!
Asuka: ... 'Cool', huh?
Classmate A: You're a member of Roselia, right, Udagawa-san?! Tell me everything!
Classmate B: Tell me too!
Ako: Ehehe~! Of course!
Ako: So Roselia is, like, super cool.
(Black cut)
Ako: And then, that's when Sayo-san was all like "ka-blam" with her guitar, That's when Lisa-nee came in with the bass...
Ako: Anyway, the point is that they're just so cool! Ehehe, awesome, huh~?
Asuka: ...
Rokka: ...
Classmate A: You're so lucky, being able to practice with people like Yukina-senpai and Sayo-san! What's everyone in your band like?
Ako: Uhhh, they're the coolest! Yukina-san and Sayo-san are always cool, and even though they're strict, they listen to me and give advice when I need it!
Ako: Lisa-nee always makes us cookies! She's so nice, but she's the most intense when we're actually playing! It's so cool!
Ako: And Rin-rin makes the costumes for Roselia! Isn't that amazing? Just putting them on feels like, uhhh... the power of darkness going "kaboom!"
Classmate A: I wish I could hang out with them. I bet there's a side to Yukina-senpai that only you know...
Classmate B: See you at your next performance! And we'd love to hear more about the band later!
Ako: Okay!! And definitely come to our next show!!
Ako: I'm happy to see how many people know about Roselia!
Ako: Fufufu. Of course they do. Roselia is the coolest.
Asuka: Yeah, 'cool' for sure.
Rokka: Mhm... Yeah...
Ako: Huh? Why are you guys saying it like that?
Asuka: Hearing that conversation just now made me think, you say 'cool' a lot. It kinda makes me unsure of what you mean...
Ako: That's because they're cool.
Asuka: I get that part. But what do you mean when you say that?
Ako: Well... Uhhh...
Asuka: ... Ah! Sorry. Forget what I just said. If you could clarify what makes something cool to you...
Asuka: Then I think other people will have a better understanding of what you mean when you use the word to describe Roselia.
Ako: Grrr...
Rokka: Wh-whoa whoa...! Ako-chan, Asuka-chan, no fighting...!
Ako: Okay! I will... I'll tell you more about things that are cool!
Ako: And that will allow me to show everyone what makes Roselia cool!!
Ako: ... Ah, I said it again.
Asuka: Ahaha... I think that time was appropriate.
Ako: Okay, I'll do my best! You just wait, Asuka, Rokka! I'll teach you everything you need to know!!
