event78-02 Chapter 1: A Reliable Helper?

Tomoe and Moca run into Ako after school, but she doesn't seem to be herself...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Moca: And then, when the main character's hand opens, all this light comes pouring down like "waaa"...
Moca: And what happens to the enemy soldiers next is crazy. They're sent all over the place like "boosh"...
Moca: And then, it turns out that one of the enemies is the main character's little sister... Hey, Tomo-chin~. Are you even listening?
Tomoe: I mean, yeah... But I don't get what you're sayin' at all.
Moca: Why not?
Tomoe: Well, you're talkin' about 'waaa' and 'boosh'... That doesn't really paint the scene for me, I guess. I just... don't understand.
Moca: C'mon~. Your feedback is what's hard to understand. All you keep saying is that you don't get it~.
Tomoe: But if I don't understand, that's the only thing I can say, right?
Ako: Hmmm... The power of darkness is cool. Uhhh~...
Moca: Oh, it's Ako-chin. Howdy~.
Ako: It's cool- No, that's not it. Uhm... It's no good! I just don't know~!
Moca: A pair of sisters dealing with an inability to understand. What's wrong, Ako-chin?
Ako: Ah, Sis, Moca-chin!
Tomoe: What's up, Ako? Looks like you're thinking pretty hard.
Ako: I don't get what's cool anymore!
Tomoe: What?!
Moca: That's a disaster of universal proportions in Ako-chin's world, isn't it?
Tomoe: A-Ako! Just start by filling us in!
(Black cut)
Moca: So basically, you wanna be able to explain in more detail what you mean when you say "cool"?
Ako: Exactly! If I can't, then I'll never be able to get Asuka and Rokka to understand how cool Roselia is~!!
Ako: There's you, Sis, and the games I like. There are so many things that I think are cool.
Ako: I figured If I can explain my thoughts on all of those things, I can get people to understand Roselia's coolness even better.
Moca: Hmmm~... What shall we do, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: I always wanna help when Ako's in trouble. And it's a waste that Ako can't communicate how she thinks and what's important to her.
Tomoe: But...
Ako: But?
Tomoe: Well, it's just... You've been nice enough to... include me in that list of cool stuff, right?
Moca: Ahhh...
Tomoe: Analyzing myself with that reason in mind is kinda... embarrassing, you know?
Tomoe: Even putting that aside, I'm pretty bad at talking about myself, thinking about myself, stuff like that... So, I'm sorry, Ako! I don't think I'm gonna be much help this time around.
Ako: Ngh... Oh...
Moca: Don't start feeling down yet, Ako-chin. You've got the language-arts master right in front of you~.
Ako: Oh, I didn't know you were good at that.
Moca: Yep. I'm especially good at the questions that want you to describe what the writer thinks~.
Moca: So I can help you out here, and I'll fill in for Tomo-chin as well.
Ako: Really?! You will?!
Moca: Absolutely~.
Tomoe: Thanks for giving Ako a hand, Moca!
Moca: Don't mention it~♪ Time to get down to business, Ako-chin~.
Ako: Okay!! I'll think about what cool means... and then I'll become even cooler!!
Moca: That's the spirit~. You're already there~♪ Ow, ow, owww, so cool~♪
Tomoe: ...
Tomoe: Moca is the best student in our group, and I'm pretty sure she's one of the top students in our grade when it comes to language arts...
Ako: Yay~! I can already feel the power of darkness... growing... and something awesome is happening, I know it~!
Moca: And I'm now filled with the power of buns~.
Tomoe: ... Letting her take care of this should be okay, right?
