event78-05 Chapter 4: Individual Coolness

Tomoe can't help but worry about Ako. She asks Moca what's going on, but...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Tomoe: Yo, Moca~. Is Ako doin' okay?
Moca: Doing okay with what?
Tomoe: What...? You know! She said she wanted to think about the idea of cool! Something like that.
Himari: Ako-chan said that?
Tomoe: Yep, she did. She said she thought that she could get people to understand what's so good about Roselia if she could explain what makes something cool more clearly.
Moca: And Tomo-chin is included in that definition of cool, so she can't help Ako-chin this time around.
Ran: And that's where your help comes in?
Moca: Correct. Because I am a language-arts genius~.
Himari: If we were listing things that Ako-chan finds cool, besides Tomoe, there's also Yukina-san and Roselia, right?
Tsugumi: That's right. There's not much overlap between Tomoe-chan and Yukina-senpai though. Does that mean Ako-chan thinks they have something in common?
Himari: Those two are pretty different! And Ako-chan doesn't seem that similar to either of them...
Ran: And Minato-san can get preachy. Ako doesn't have that side to her.
Moca: I sense a high level of respect for Ms. Minato coming from you, Ms. Mitake~.
Ran: Shut it.
Ran: You know, I feel like Tomoe and Minato-san are similar in their stubbornness.
Tomoe: What?! You're one to talk, Ran.
Tsugumi: Y-yeah, once they decide they want to do something, they carry through!
Tsugumi: Maybe that's the trait that Ako-chan thinks is cool!
Himari: Nicely put, Tsugu~.
Tomoe: We carry through, huh...? C'mon, Ran, you could've just come out and said that. You don't have to be all shy about it.
Ran: I wasn't trying to compliment you.
Himari: Ako-chan might think that people who know how to stick it out are cool.
Moca: Ah, that reminds me.
Moca: Ako-chin was telling me how cool we are, Ran~.
Ran: What?! Why?
Moca: Something about how we can understand each other without saying what we mean~. And she likes how Afterglow gives off that vibe.
Ran: Haha... I think that's one of our problems, actually.
Himari: Doing that has gotten us into arguments, yeah...
Tomoe: W-well, Ako, on the other hand, is the type to just say what comes to mind! She's definitely much better at it than I am.
Moca: I bet Ako-chin's gonna become cool in her own way~.
Ran: You're just saying the first thing that comes to mind, aren't you?
Himari: How did you help her, Moca?
Moca: We had cake at Tsugu's place.
Tomoe: Sigh...
(Black cut)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Ako: Let's see... That's when Yukina-san does...
Asuka: Ako? What are you doing?
Ako: Hmmm~... Maybe it'd be better with Sayo-san here. And then I can change the song-
Asuka: Ako!
Ako: Ah!! Asuka, Rokka! What happened?
Asuka: Seriously...?
Rokka: You're thinking about something, Ako-chan?
Asuka: What are you writing on that sketchbook you brought? "Super Cool Rose-"
Ako: Wh-whoa!! N-no looking! I'll show you once it's done! Please don't look!!
Asuka: ...? O-okay.
Ako: Uhhh, switch out the song... Chant a spell...
Rokka: A-a spell?
Ako: Grrr~! Give me strength~!! King of... Uhhh, Cool King of Darkness!!
Asuka: ... What's up with her?
